lap. she wore a starched white affair on her head, had a wart on one cheek, and silver-rimmed spectacles hung on the tip of her nose. she glanced at me above the glasses. the swift and indifferent placidity of that look troubled me. two youths with foolish and cheery countenances were being piloted over, and she threw at them the same quick glance of unconcerned wisdom. she seemed to know all about them and about me, too. an eerie feeling came over me. she seemed uncanny and fateful. often far away there i thought of these two, guarding the door of darkness, knitting black wool as for a warm pall, one introducing, introducing continuously to the unknown, the other scrutinizing the cheery and foolish faces with unconcerned old eyes. _ave!_ old knitter of black wool. _morituri te
be a blank space of delightful mystery—a white patch for a boy to dream gloriously over. it had become a place of darkness. but there was in it one river especially, a mighty big river, that you could see on the map, resembling an immense snake uncoiled, with its head in the sea, its body at rest curving afar over a vast country, and its tail lost in the depths of the land. and as i looked at the map of it in a shop-window, it fascinated me as a snake would a bird—a silly little bird. then i remembered there was a big concern, a company for trade on that river. dash it all! i thought to myself, they can’t trade without using some kind of craft on that lot of fresh water—steamboats! why shouldn’t i try to get charge of one? i went on along fleet street, but could not shake off the idea.
suppose they might have consciences that told them how surely they were making the old mother into an advocate for them, in case they had any plans on the son’s heart.” she smiled a grim smile, for she had been pleased by margaret’s frankness; and perhaps she felt that she had been asking questions too much as if she had a right to catechise. margaret laughed outright at the notion presented to her; laughed so merrily that it grated on mrs. thornton’s ear, as if the words that called forth that laugh, must have been utterly and entirely ludicrous. margaret stopped her merriment as soon as she saw mrs. thornton’s annoyed look. “i beg your pardon, madam. but i really am very much obliged to you for exonerating me from making any plans on mr. thornton’s heart.” “young ladies have, before
straggling stalks, which proved to be stalks of rice, and which i knew, because i had seen it grow in africa when i was ashore there. i not only thought these the pure productions of providence for my support, but not doubting that there was more in the place, i went all over that part of the island, where i had been before, peering in every corner, and under every rock, to see for more of it, but i could not find any. at last it occurred to my thoughts that i shook a bag of chickens’ meat out in that place; and then the wonder began to cease; and i must confess my religious thankfulness to god’s providence began to abate, too, upon the discovering that all this was nothing but what was common; though i ought to have been as thankful for so strange and unforeseen a providence as if it
wore away; of looking in this impossible place and that; of groping among moonlit ruins and touching strange creatures in the black shadows; at last, of lying on the ground near the sphinx and weeping with absolute wretchedness, even anger at the folly of leaving the machine having leaked away with my strength. i had nothing left but misery. then i slept, and when i woke again it was full day, and a couple of sparrows were hopping round me on the turf within reach of my arm. “i sat up in the freshness of the morning, trying to remember how i had got there, and why i had such a profound sense of desertion and despair. then things came clear in my mind. with the plain, reasonable daylight, i could look my circumstances fairly in the face. i saw the wild folly of my frenzy overnight, and i
to go to town once a week to see her lover. at the end of a month she was even considered to have made considerable progress. she went on thursdays. she got up and dressed silently, in order not to awaken charles, who would have made remarks about her getting ready too early. next she walked up and down, went to the windows, and looked out at the place. the early dawn was broadening between the pillars of the market, and the chemist’s shop, with the shutters still up, showed in the pale light of the dawn the large letters of his signboard. when the clock pointed to a quarter past seven, she went off to the “lion d’or,” whose door artémise opened yawning. the girl then made up the coals covered by the cinders, and emma remained alone in the kitchen. now and again she went out. hivert was
lost in all sorts of conjectures, accusing him of indifference, and reproaching herself for her weakness, she spent the afternoon, her face pressed against the window-panes. at two o’clock they were still at a table opposite each other. the large room was emptying; the stove-pipe, in the shape of a palm-tree, spread its gilt leaves over the white ceiling, and near them, outside the window, in the bright sunshine, a little fountain gurgled in a white basin, where; in the midst of watercress and asparagus, three torpid lobsters stretched across to some quails that lay heaped up in a pile on their sides. homais was enjoying himself. although he was even more intoxicated with the luxury than the rich fare, the pommard wine all the same rather excited his faculties; and when the omelette
for a moment that my house was on fire. two o’clock and the whole corner of the peninsula was blazing with light, which fell unreal on the shrubbery and made thin elongating glints upon the roadside wires. turning a corner, i saw that it was gatsby’s house, lit from tower to cellar. at first i thought it was another party, a wild rout that had resolved itself into “hide-and-go-seek” or “sardines-in-the-box” with all the house thrown open to the game. but there wasn’t a sound. only wind in the trees, which blew the wires and made the lights go off and on again as if the house had winked into the darkness. as my taxi groaned away i saw gatsby walking toward me across his lawn. “your place looks like the world’s fair,” i said. “does it?” he turned his eyes toward it absently. “i have been
to delay him, with his habitual tranquillity. he never changed countenance for an instant, though a delay of twenty hours, by making him too late for the yokohama boat, would almost inevitably cause the loss of the wager. but this man of nerve manifested neither impatience nor annoyance; it seemed as if the storm were a part of his programme, and had been foreseen. aouda was amazed to find him as calm as he had been from the first time she saw him. fix did not look at the state of things in the same light. the storm greatly pleased him. his satisfaction would have been complete had the “rangoon” been forced to retreat before the violence of wind and waves. each delay filled him with hope, for it became more and more probable that fogg would be obliged to remain some days at hong
old housekeeper at chesney wold, has several times taken off her spectacles and cleaned them to make certain that the drops were not upon the glasses. mrs. rouncewell might have been sufficiently assured by hearing the rain, but that she is rather deaf, which nothing will induce her to believe. she is a fine old lady, handsome, stately, wonderfully neat, and has such a back and such a stomacher that if her stays should turn out when she dies to have been a broad old-fashioned family fire-grate, nobody who knows her would have cause to be surprised. weather affects mrs. rouncewell little. the house is there in all weathers, and the house, as she expresses it, is what she looks at. she sits in her room (in a side passage on the ground floor, with an arched window commanding a smooth qua
entered her mind of their being really engaged, and this doubt was enough to prevent her making any inquiry of marianne. nothing could be more expressive of attachment to them all, than willoughby’s behaviour. to marianne it had all the distinguishing tenderness which a lover’s heart could give, and to the rest of the family it was the affectionate attention of a son and a brother. the cottage seemed to be considered and loved by him as his home; many more of his hours were spent there than at allenham; and if no general engagement collected them at the park, the exercise which called him out in the morning was almost certain of ending there, where the rest of the day was spent by himself at the side of marianne, and by his favourite pointer at her feet. one evening in particular,
something far more serious than could be guessed at first sight. as soon as porfiry petrovitch heard that his visitor had a little matter of business with him, he begged him to sit down on the sofa and sat down himself on the other end, waiting for him to explain his business, with that careful and over-serious attention which is at once oppressive and embarrassing, especially to a stranger, and especially if what you are discussing is in your opinion of far too little importance for such exceptional solemnity. but in brief and coherent phrases raskolnikov explained his business clearly and exactly, and was so well satisfied with himself that he even succeeded in taking a good look at porfiry. porfiry petrovitch did not once take his eyes off him. razumihin, sitting opposite at the same
ere a necessary function, like the twittering of a crab's antennae. “think? why, i think we shall have the fowl stole before we are much older, wi' that gell forgetting to lock the pens up o' nights. what's the matter now, hetty? what are you crying at?” “why, she's been wanting to go for a lady's maid,” said mr. poyser. “i tell her we can do better for her nor that.” “i thought she'd got some maggot in her head, she's gone about wi' her mouth buttoned up so all day. it's all wi' going so among them servants at the chase, as we war fools for letting her. she thinks it ud be a finer life than being wi them as are akin to her and ha' brought her up sin' she war no bigger nor marty. she thinks there's nothing belongs to being a lady's maid but wearing finer clothes nor she was born to,
of mountains about two thousand feet high, the shapes of which were most capricious. on taking the bearings, i knew that we were nearing the island of ceylon, the pearl which hangs from the lobe of the indian peninsula. captain nemo and his second appeared at this moment. the captain glanced at the map. then turning to me, said: the island of ceylon, noted for its pearl-fisheries. would you like to visit one of them, m. aronnax? certainly, captain. well, the thing is easy. though, if we see the fisheries, we shall not see the fishermen. the annual exportation has not yet begun. never mind, i will give orders to make for the gulf of manaar, where we shall arrive in the night. the captain said something to his second, who immediately went out. soon the nautilus returned to her
and a vast length of time to bring it to any sort of perfection. the former of these, the immense wealth of which the captain supposed mr allworthy possessed, and which he thought himself sure of inheriting, promised very effectually to supply; and the latter, the soundness of his own constitution, and his time of life, which was only what is called middle-age, removed all apprehension of his not living to accomplish. nothing was wanting to enable him to enter upon the immediate execution of this plan, but the death of mr allworthy; in calculating which he had employed much of his own algebra, besides purchasing every book extant that treats of the value of lives, reversions, &c. from all which he satisfied himself, that as he had every day a chance of this happening, so had he more
doubt of the event; and though trying to speak comfort to elinor, her conviction of her sister’s danger would not allow her to offer the comfort of hope. her heart was really grieved. the rapid decay, the early death of a girl so young, so lovely as marianne, must have struck a less interested person with concern. on mrs. jennings’s compassion she had other claims. she had been for three months her companion, was still under her care, and she was known to have been greatly injured, and long unhappy. the distress of her sister too, particularly a favourite, was before her;—and as for their mother, when mrs. jennings considered that marianne might probably be to _her_ what charlotte was to herself, her sympathy in _her_ sufferings was very sincere. mr. harris was punctual in his second visit
joseph! quick with the prints—lot 235. now, gentlemen, you who are connoiss_ures_, you are going to have a treat. here is an engraving of the duke of wellington surrounded by his staff on the field of waterloo; and notwithstanding recent events which have, as it were, enveloped our great hero in a cloud, i will be bold to say—for a man in my line must not be blown about by political winds—that a finer subject—of the modern order, belonging to our own time and epoch—the understanding of man could hardly conceive: angels might, perhaps, but not men, sirs, not men.” “who painted it?” said mr. powderell, much impressed. “it is a proof before the letter, mr. powderell—the painter is not known,” answered trumbull, with a certain gaspingness in his last words, after which he pursed up his lip
gesture, so discouraged was he at this two-fold obstinacy of gossip and indifference. the everlasting guide went on-- “near him, this kneeling woman who weeps is his spouse, diane de poitiers, countess de breze, duchess de valentinois, born in 1499, died in 1566, and to the left, the one with the child is the holy virgin. now turn to this side; here are the tombs of the ambroise. they were both cardinals and archbishops of rouen. that one was minister under louis xii. he did a great deal for the cathedral. in his will he left thirty thousand gold crowns for the poor.” and without stopping, still talking, he pushed them into a chapel full of balustrades, some put away, and disclosed a kind of block that certainly might once have been an ill-made statue. “truly,” he said with a groan, “it
at me above the glasses. the swift and indifferent placidity of that look troubled me. two youths with foolish and cheery countenances were being piloted over, and she threw at them the same quick glance of unconcerned wisdom. she seemed to know all about them and about me, too. an eerie feeling came over me. she seemed uncanny and fateful. often far away there i thought of these two, guarding the door of darkness, knitting black wool as for a warm pall, one introducing, introducing continuously to the unknown, the other scrutinizing the cheery and foolish faces with unconcerned old eyes. _ave!_ old knitter of black wool. _morituri te salutant_. not many of those she looked at ever saw her again—not half, by a long way. “there was yet a visit to the doctor. ‘a simple formality,’ assured
the unhappy man would be cut in two. i rushed to his succour. but captain nemo was before me; his axe disappeared between the two enormous jaws, and, miraculously saved, the canadian, rising, plunged his harpoon deep into the triple heart of the poulp. i owed myself this revenge! said the captain to the canadian. ned bowed without replying. the combat had lasted a quarter of an hour. the monsters, vanquished and mutilated, left us at last, and disappeared under the waves. captain nemo, covered with blood, nearly exhausted, gazed upon the sea that had swallowed up one of his companions, and great tears gathered in his eyes. the gulf stream this terrible scene of the 20th of april none of us can ever forget. i have written it under the influence of violent emotion. since then i have
and thus, having found two or three broken oars belonging to the boat—and, besides the tools which were in the chest, i found two saws, an axe, and a hammer; with this cargo i put to sea. for a mile or thereabouts my raft went very well, only that i found it drive a little distant from the place where i had landed before; by which i perceived that there was some indraft of the water, and consequently i hoped to find some creek or river there, which i might make use of as a port to get to land with my cargo. as i imagined, so it was. there appeared before me a little opening of the land, and i found a strong current of the tide set into it; so i guided my raft as well as i could, to keep in the middle of the stream. but here i had like to have suffered a second shipwreck, which, if i had,
calling her an old jade, and threatening that he would soon return. at the foot of the staircase, he took one of the men who accompanied him, a navvy named cassoute, the most wooden-headed of the four, and ordered him to sit on the first step, and remain there. “you must come and inform me,” he said to him, “if you see the scoundrel from upstairs return.” the man sat down heavily. when macquart reached the pavement, he raised his eyes and observed félicité leaning out of the window of the yellow-drawing room, watching the march past of the insurgents, as if it was nothing but a regiment passing through the town to the strains of its band. this last sign of perfect composure irritated him to such a degree that he was almost tempted to go up again and throw the old woman into the
moment george f. babbitt turned ponderously in bed--the last turn, signifying that he'd had enough of this worried business of falling asleep and was about it in earnest. instantly he was in the magic dream. he was somewhere among unknown people who laughed at him. he slipped away, ran down the paths of a midnight garden, and at the gate the fairy child was waiting. her dear and tranquil hand caressed his cheek. he was gallant and wise and well-beloved; warm ivory were her arms; and beyond perilous moors the brave sea glittered. i the great events of babbitt's spring were the secret buying of real-estate options in linton for certain street-traction officials, before the public announcement that the linton avenue car line would be extended, and a dinner which was, as he rejoiced to his
of broadway.” “who is he, anyhow, an actor?” “no.” “a dentist?” “meyer wolfshiem? no, he’s a gambler.” gatsby hesitated, then added, coolly: “he’s the man who fixed the world’s series back in 1919.” “fixed the world’s series?” i repeated. the idea staggered me. i remembered, of course, that the world’s series had been fixed in 1919, but if i had thought of it at all i would have thought of it as a thing that merely happened, the end of some inevitable chain. it never occurred to me that one man could start to play with the faith of fifty million people—with the single-mindedness of a burglar blowing a safe. “how did he happen to do that?” i asked after a minute. “he just saw the opportunity.” “why isn’t he in jail?” “they can’t get him, old sport. he’s a smart man.” i insisted on paying
in his cabin; and passepartout, whose duty it was to carry him his meals, courageous as he was, took the greatest precautions. mr. fogg did not seem even to know that there was a captain on board. on the 13th they passed the edge of the banks of newfoundland, a dangerous locality; during the winter, especially, there are frequent fogs and heavy gales of wind. ever since the evening before the barometer, suddenly falling, had indicated an approaching change in the atmosphere; and during the night the temperature varied, the cold became sharper, and the wind veered to the south-east. this was a misfortune. mr. fogg, in order not to deviate from his course, furled his sails and increased the force of the steam; but the vessel’s speed slackened, owing to the state of the sea, the long waves
to minute down the days of the month on which any remarkable thing happened to me; and first, by casting up times past, i remembered that there was a strange concurrence of days in the various providences which befell me, and which, if i had been superstitiously inclined to observe days as fatal or fortunate, i might have had reason to have looked upon with a great deal of curiosity. first, i had observed that the same day that i broke away from my father and friends and ran away to hull, in order to go to sea, the same day afterwards i was taken by the sallee man-of-war, and made a slave; the same day of the year that i escaped out of the wreck of that ship in yarmouth roads, that same day-year afterwards i made my escape from sallee in a boat; the same day of the year i was born
at once, anxious to live in the settlement with the idea of being nearer to his mates. the matter was settled in three words, maheude declaring that they would wait for the marriage of the children. just then, zacharie at last came back, with mouquet and levaque. the three brought in the odours of the volcan, a breath of gin, a musky acidity of ill-kept girls. they were very tipsy and seemed well pleased with themselves, digging their elbows into each other and grinning. when he knew that he was at last to be married zacharie began to laugh so loudly that he choked. philoméne peacefully declared that she would rather see him laugh than cry. as there were no more chairs, bouteloup had moved so as to give up half of his to levaque. and the latter, suddenly much affected by realizing
choice, and was gone in a moment. “let’s go on with the game,” the queen said to alice; and alice was too much frightened to say a word, but slowly followed her back to the croquet-ground. the other guests had taken advantage of the queen’s absence, and were resting in the shade: however, the moment they saw her, they hurried back to the game, the queen merely remarking that a moment’s delay would cost them their lives. all the time they were playing the queen never left off quarrelling with the other players, and shouting “off with his head!” or “off with her head!” those whom she sentenced were taken into custody by the soldiers, who of course had to leave off being arches to do this, so that by the end of half an hour or so there were no arches left, and all the players, except the
under these conditions. but i repeat, having no powder, i use air under great pressure, which the pumps of the nautilus furnish abundantly.\" but this air must be rapidly used? well, have i not my rouquayrol reservoir, which can furnish it at need? a tap is all that is required. besides m. aronnax, you must see yourself that, during our submarine hunt, we can spend but little air and but few balls. but it seems to me that in this twilight, and in the midst of this fluid, which is very dense compared with the atmosphere, shots could not go far, nor easily prove mortal. sir, on the contrary, with this gun every blow is mortal; and, however lightly the animal is touched, it falls as if struck by a thunderbolt. why? because the balls sent by this gun are not ordinary balls, but
hidden behind a shed. he himself fastened his horse, which a lad had been holding, beneath the shed. when he came back he found his aunt and the young girls distracted, and ready to follow the peasant-woman, who proposed that they should take refuge in her house. but he was of opinion that they would be safer where they were, for certainly no one would come and look for them in the hay. the door, however, shut very badly, and had such large chinks in it, that the road could be seen between the worm-eaten planks. come, courage! he said. we will sell our lives dearly. this joke increased their fear. the noise grew louder, but nothing could yet be seen; along the vacant road the wind of a tempest seemed to be blowing, like those sudden gusts which precede great storms. no, no! i
throw one last glance into the darkness. he saw again the same black immensity as in the morning when he had arrived in the wind. before him the voreux was crouching, with its air of an evil beast, its dimness pricked with a few lantern lights. the three braziers of the bank were burning in the air, like bloody moons, now and then showing the vast silhouettes of father bonnemort and his yellow horse. and beyond, in the flat plain, shade had submerged everything, montsou, marchiennes, the forest of vandame, the immense sea of beetroot and of wheat, in which there only shone, like distant lighthouses, the blue fires of the blast furnaces, and the red fires of the coke ovens. gradually the night came on, the rain was now falling slowly, continuously, burying this void in its monotonous stre
certain that, if there were a remedy, it should be found and secured to her. several weeks had elapsed since the festival of the anniversary, and she had been unable to calm her mind, or to subdue her thoughts to any regular train. sometimes she reproached herself for taking too bitterly to heart, that which many would esteem an imaginary evil; but this was no subject for reason; and, ignorant as she was of the motives and true conduct of raymond, things assumed for her even a worse appearance, than the reality warranted. he was seldom at the palace; never, but when he was assured that his public duties would prevent his remaining alone with perdita. they seldom addressed each other, shunning explanation, each fearing any communication the other might make. suddenly, however, the manner
thought. then she put on a cap and threw a shawl over her shoulders. “where are you going, pray?” her husband asked her with surprise. “it’s past nine o’clock.” “you go to bed,” she replied rather brusquely, “you’re not well; go and rest yourself. sleep on till i come back; i’ll wake you if necessary, and then we can talk the matter over.” she went out with her usual nimble gait, ran to the post-office, and abruptly entered the room where vuillet was still at work. on seeing her he made a hasty gesture of vexation. never in his life had vuillet felt so happy. since he had been able to slip his little fingers into the mail-bag he had enjoyed the most exquisite pleasure, the pleasure of an inquisitive priest about to relish the confessions of his penitents. all the sly blabbing, all
with a stone, never trying to escape. but the fog did not lift, and at eleven the sun had not yet shown itself. its absence made me uneasy. without it no observations were possible. how, then, could we decide whether we had reached the pole? when i rejoined captain nemo, i found him leaning on a piece of rock, silently watching the sky. he seemed impatient and vexed. but what was to be done? this rash and powerful man could not command the sun as he did the sea. noon arrived without the orb of day showing itself for an instant. we could not even tell its position behind the curtain of fog; and soon the fog turned to snow. till to-morrow, said the captain, quietly, and we returned to the nautilus amid these atmospheric disturbances. the tempest of snow continued till the next day. it was
another turn of the screw would kill him, little stanislovas stopped. “you cannot help us?” he said weakly. jurgis shook his head. “they won’t give you anything here?” he shook it again. “when are you coming out?” “three weeks yet,” jurgis answered. and the boy gazed around him uncertainly. “then i might as well go,” he said. jurgis nodded. then, suddenly recollecting, he put his hand into his pocket and drew it out, shaking. “here,” he said, holding out the fourteen cents. “take this to them.” and stanislovas took it, and after a little more hesitation, started for the door. “good-by, jurgis,” he said, and the other noticed that he walked unsteadily as he passed out of sight. for a minute or so jurgis stood clinging to his chair, reeling and swaying; then the keeper touched him on the
said hallward, gazing intently at his picture. “it is quite true, i never talk when i am working, and never listen either, and it must be dreadfully tedious for my unfortunate sitters. i beg you to stay.” “but what about my man at the orleans?” the painter laughed. “i don’t think there will be any difficulty about that. sit down again, harry. and now, dorian, get up on the platform, and don’t move about too much, or pay any attention to what lord henry says. he has a very bad influence over all his friends, with the single exception of myself.” dorian gray stepped up on the dais with the air of a young greek martyr, and made a little _moue_ of discontent to lord henry, to whom he had rather taken a fancy. he was so unlike basil. they made a delightful contrast. and he had such a
it. when she was with her mother, her father seemed the best person to apply to for information; and when with him, she thought that she could speak more easily to her mother. probably there was nothing much to be heard that was new. in one of the letters she had received before leaving harley street, her father had told her that they had heard from frederick; he was still at rio, and very well in health, and sent his best love to her; which was dry bones, but not the living intelligence she longed for. frederick was always spoken of, in the rare times when his name was mentioned, as “poor frederick.” his room was kept exactly as he had left it; and was regularly dusted, and put into order by dixon, mrs. hale’s maid, who touched no other part of the household work, but always
these in: but i hadn’t quite finished my tea when i was sent for.” “you ought to have finished,” said the king. “when did you begin?” the hatter looked at the march hare, who had followed him into the court, arm-in-arm with the dormouse. “fourteenth of march, i _think_ it was,” he said. “fifteenth,” said the march hare. “sixteenth,” added the dormouse. “write that down,” the king said to the jury, and the jury eagerly wrote down all three dates on their slates, and then added them up, and reduced the answer to shillings and pence. “take off your hat,” the king said to the hatter. “it isn’t mine,” said the hatter. “_stolen!_” the king exclaimed, turning to the jury, who instantly made a memorandum of the fact. “i keep them to sell,” the hatter added as an explanation; “i’ve none
these young lovers to retire to secluded spots in the suburbs. on fine summer nights one cannot walk round plassans without coming across a hooded couple in every patch of shadow falling from the house walls. certain places, the aire saint-mittre, for instance, are full of these dark “dominoes” brushing past one another, gliding softly in the warm nocturnal air. one might imagine they were guests invited to some mysterious ball given by the stars to lowly lovers. when the weather is very warm and the girls do not wear cloaks, they simply turn up their over-skirts. and in the winter the more passionate lovers make light of the frosts. thus, miette and silvère, as they descended the nice road, thought little of the chill december night. they passed through the slumbering suburb
left her no doubt of the event; and though trying to speak comfort to elinor, her conviction of her sister’s danger would not allow her to offer the comfort of hope. her heart was really grieved. the rapid decay, the early death of a girl so young, so lovely as marianne, must have struck a less interested person with concern. on mrs. jennings’s compassion she had other claims. she had been for three months her companion, was still under her care, and she was known to have been greatly injured, and long unhappy. the distress of her sister too, particularly a favourite, was before her;—and as for their mother, when mrs. jennings considered that marianne might probably be to _her_ what charlotte was to herself, her sympathy in _her_ sufferings was very sincere. mr. harris was punctual
to be at the station promptly at eight, and, with his regular step, which beat to the second, like an astronomical clock, directed his steps to the passport office. as for the wonders of bombay—its famous city hall, its splendid library, its forts and docks, its bazaars, mosques, synagogues, its armenian churches, and the noble pagoda on malabar hill, with its two polygonal towers—he cared not a straw to see them. he would not deign to examine even the masterpieces of elephanta, or the mysterious hypogea, concealed south-east from the docks, or those fine remains of buddhist architecture, the kanherian grottoes of the island of salcette. having transacted his business at the passport office, phileas fogg repaired quietly to the railway station, where he ordered dinner. among the dishes
there were no hedges, no signs of proprietary rights, no evidences of agriculture; the whole earth had become a garden. “so watching, i began to put my interpretation upon the things i had seen, and as it shaped itself to me that evening, my interpretation was something in this way. (afterwards i found i had got only a half truth—or only a glimpse of one facet of the truth.) “it seemed to me that i had happened upon humanity upon the wane. the ruddy sunset set me thinking of the sunset of mankind. for the first time i began to realise an odd consequence of the social effort in which we are at present engaged. and yet, come to think, it is a logical consequence enough. strength is the outcome of need; security sets a premium on feebleness. the work of ameliorating the conditions of
and the women who had gathered round began carefully laying out the corpse. the sight of his brother, and the nearness of death, revived in levin that sense of horror in face of the insoluble enigma, together with the nearness and inevitability of death, that had come upon him that autumn evening when his brother had come to him. this feeling was now even stronger than before; even less than before did he feel capable of apprehending the meaning of death, and its inevitability rose up before him more terrible than ever. but now, thanks to his wife’s presence, that feeling did not reduce him to despair. in spite of death, he felt the need of life and love. he felt that love saved him from despair, and that this love, under the menace of despair, had become still stronger and purer. the
gorgeous in his uniform. more carriages were continually driving up, and ladies wearing flowers and carrying their trains, and men taking off their helmets or black hats kept walking into the church. inside the church both lusters were already lighted, and all the candles before the holy pictures. the gilt on the red ground of the holy picture-stand, and the gilt relief on the pictures, and the silver of the lusters and candlesticks, and the stones of the floor, and the rugs, and the banners above in the choir, and the steps of the altar, and the old blackened books, and the cassocks and surplices—all were flooded with light. on the right side of the warm church, in the crowd of frock coats and white ties, uniforms and broadcloth, velvet, satin, hair and flowers, bare shoulders and
on the table in the diminished wind. “why candles?” objected daisy, frowning. she snapped them out with her fingers. “in two weeks it’ll be the longest day in the year.” she looked at us all radiantly. “do you always watch for the longest day of the year and then miss it? i always watch for the longest day in the year and then miss it.” “we ought to plan something,” yawned miss baker, sitting down at the table as if she were getting into bed. “all right,” said daisy. “what’ll we plan?” she turned to me helplessly: “what do people plan?” before i could answer her eyes fastened with an awed expression on her little finger. “look!” she complained; “i hurt it.” we all looked—the knuckle was black and blue. “you did it, tom,” she said accusingly. “i know you didn’t mean to, but you did do
you, mr. gray, you yourself, with your rose-red youth and your rose-white boyhood, you have had passions that have made you afraid, thoughts that have filled you with terror, day-dreams and sleeping dreams whose mere memory might stain your cheek with shame—” “stop!” faltered dorian gray, “stop! you bewilder me. i don’t know what to say. there is some answer to you, but i cannot find it. don’t speak. let me think. or, rather, let me try not to think.” for nearly ten minutes he stood there, motionless, with parted lips and eyes strangely bright. he was dimly conscious that entirely fresh influences were at work within him. yet they seemed to him to have come really from himself. the few words that basil’s friend had said to him—words spoken by chance, no doubt, and with wilful paradox
purpose of selling--not of selling anything in particular, for or to anybody in particular, but pure selling. the shop-talk roused paul riesling. though he was a player of violins and an interestingly unhappy husband, he was also a very able salesman of tar-roofing. he listened to the fat man's remarks on “the value of house-organs and bulletins as a method of jazzing-up the boys out on the road;” and he himself offered one or two excellent thoughts on the use of two-cent stamps on circulars. then he committed an offense against the holy law of the clan of good fellows. he became highbrow. they were entering a city. on the outskirts they passed a steel-mill which flared in scarlet and orange flame that licked at the cadaverous stacks, at the iron-sheathed walls and sullen converters.
flanagan, and ralph, after consulting each other. “good,” said mr. fogg. “the train leaves for dover at a quarter before nine. i will take it.” “this very evening?” asked stuart. “this very evening,” returned phileas fogg. he took out and consulted a pocket almanac, and added, “as today is wednesday, the 2nd of october, i shall be due in london in this very room of the reform club, on saturday, the 21st of december, at a quarter before nine p.m.; or else the twenty thousand pounds, now deposited in my name at baring’s, will belong to you, in fact and in right, gentlemen. here is a cheque for the amount.” a memorandum of the wager was at once drawn up and signed by the six parties, during which phileas fogg preserved a stoical composure. he certainly did not bet to win, and had only stake
than ever, rodolphe having succeeded in carrying out the adultery after his own fancy; and at the end of six months, when the spring-time came, they were to one another like a married couple, tranquilly keeping up a domestic flame. it was the time of year when old rouault sent his turkey in remembrance of the setting of his leg. the present always arrived with a letter. emma cut the string that tied it to the basket, and read the following lines:-- “my dear children--i hope this will find you well, and that this one will be as good as the others. for it seems to me a little more tender, if i may venture to say so, and heavier. but next time, for a change, i’ll give you a turkeycock, unless you have a preference for some dabs; and send me back the hamper, if you please, with the two old one
\"then, sir, you suppose that they will board us?\" i am certain of it. well, sir, let them come. i see no reason for hindering them. after all, these papuans are poor creatures, and i am unwilling that my visit to the island should cost the life of a single one of these wretches. upon that i was going away; but captain nemo detained me, and asked me to sit down by him. he questioned me with interest about our excursions on shore, and our hunting; and seemed not to understand the craving for meat that possessed the canadian. then the conversation turned on various subjects, and, without being more communicative, captain nemo showed himself more amiable. amongst other things, we happened to speak of the situation of the nautilus, run aground in exactly the same spot in this strait
house. étienne, as secretary, had divided the three thousand francs of the provident fund among the needy families; afterwards from various sides several hundred francs had arrived, yielded by subscriptions and collections. but now all their resources were exhausted; the miners had no more money to keep up the strike, and hunger was there, threatening them. maigrat, after having promised credit for a fortnight, had suddenly altered his mind at the end of a week and cut off provisions. he usually took his orders from the company; perhaps the latter wished to bring the matter to an end by starving the settlements. he acted besides like a capricious tyrant, giving or refusing bread according to the look of the girl who was sent by her parents for provisions; and he especially closed his
woman ever learns to drive like a man.” “well, now, there's some mighty good woman drivers.” “oh, of course, these women that try to imitate men, and play golf and everything, and ruin their complexions and spoil their hands!” “that's so. i never did like these mannish females.” “i mean--of course, i admire them, dreadfully, and i feel so weak and useless beside them.” “oh, rats now! i bet you play the piano like a wiz.” “oh, no--i mean--not really.” “well, i'll bet you do!” he glanced at her smooth hands, her diamond and ruby rings. she caught the glance, snuggled her hands together with a kittenish curving of slim white fingers which delighted him, and yearned: “i do love to play--i mean--i like to drum on the piano, but i haven't had any real training. mr. judique used to say i would
among the black bushes behind us, and dim against their blackness, i saw three crouching figures. there was scrub and long grass all about us, and i did not feel safe from their insidious approach. the forest, i calculated, was rather less than a mile across. if we could get through it to the bare hillside, there, as it seemed to me, was an altogether safer resting-place; i thought that with my matches and my camphor i could contrive to keep my path illuminated through the woods. yet it was evident that if i was to flourish matches with my hands i should have to abandon my firewood; so, rather reluctantly, i put it down. and then it came into my head that i would amaze our friends behind by lighting it. i was to discover the atrocious folly of this proceeding, but it came to my mind as
useful.” this last sentence revealed the one great fear that possessed the rougons. they were afraid that some one might prove too useful, and do more than themselves to save the town. still, pierre saw no serious danger in leaving vuillet as provisional postmaster; it was even a convenient means of getting rid of him. félicité, however, made a sharp gesture of annoyance. the consultation having ended, the three accomplices mingled with the various groups that filled the drawing-room. they were at last obliged to satisfy the general curiosity by giving detailed accounts of recent events. rougon proved magnificent. he exaggerated, embellished, and dramatised the story which he had related to his wife. the distribution of the guns and cartridges made everybody hold their breath. but it
lodger, a big dark fellow of thirty-five with a placid, honest air: is the soup ready, louis? i believe it is. then the wife is good-humoured to-day. yes, i believe she is. other miners bound for the earth-cutting came up, new bands which one by one were engulfed in the pit. it was the three o'clock descent, more men for the pit to devour, the gangs who would replace the sets of the pikemen at the bottom of the passages. the mine never rested; day and night human insects were digging out the rock six hundred metres below the beetroot fields. however, the youngsters went ahead. jeanlin confided to bébert a complicated plan for getting four sous' worth of tobacco on credit, while lydie followed respectfully at a distance. catherine came with zacharie and étienne. none of them
the sunlight as though there was no such thing in nature as the night. and then i thought once more of the meat that i had seen. i felt assured now of what it was, and from the bottom of my heart i pitied this last feeble rill from the great flood of humanity. clearly, at some time in the long-ago of human decay the morlocks’ food had run short. possibly they had lived on rats and such-like vermin. even now man is far less discriminating and exclusive in his food than he was—far less than any monkey. his prejudice against human flesh is no deep-seated instinct. and so these inhuman sons of men——! i tried to look at the thing in a scientific spirit. after all, they were less human and more remote than our cannibal ancestors of three or four thousand years ago. and the intelligence that
beasts of the field;” or, as it is commonly called, the game; and none, i believe, will deny but that those squires fulfil this end of their creation. little jones went one day a shooting with the gamekeeper; when happening to spring a covey of partridges near the border of that manor over which fortune, to fulfil the wise purposes of nature, had planted one of the game consumers, the birds flew into it, and were marked (as it is called) by the two sportsmen, in some furze bushes, about two or three hundred paces beyond mr allworthy's dominions. mr allworthy had given the fellow strict orders, on pain of forfeiting his place, never to trespass on any of his neighbours; no more on those who were less rigid in this matter than on the lord of this manor. with regard to others, indeed,
turned pale. “do you understand now?” said raskolnikov, his face twitching nervously. “go back, go to them,” he said suddenly, and turning quickly, he went out of the house. i will not attempt to describe how razumihin went back to the ladies, how he soothed them, how he protested that rodya needed rest in his illness, protested that rodya was sure to come, that he would come every day, that he was very, very much upset, that he must not be irritated, that he, razumihin, would watch over him, would get him a doctor, the best doctor, a consultation.... in fact from that evening razumihin took his place with them as a son and a brother. raskolnikov went straight to the house on the canal bank where sonia lived. it was an old green house of three storeys. he found the porter and
a reconciliation with the longbourn family he had a wife in view, as he meant to choose one of the daughters, if he found them as handsome and amiable as they were represented by common report. this was his plan of amends—of atonement—for inheriting their father’s estate; and he thought it an excellent one, full of eligibility and suitableness, and excessively generous and disinterested on his own part. his plan did not vary on seeing them. miss bennet’s lovely face confirmed his views, and established all his strictest notions of what was due to seniority; and for the first evening _she_ was his settled choice. the next morning, however, made an alteration; for in a quarter of an hour’s _tête-à-tête_ with mrs. bennet before breakfast, a conversation beginning with his parsonage-house,
aspects, does nature in her least palpable but not the less malicious agencies, fail to enlist among her forces this crowning attribute of the terrible. from its snowy aspect, the gauntleted ghost of the southern seas has been denominated the white squall. nor, in some historic instances, has the art of human malice omitted so potent an auxiliary. how wildly it heightens the effect of that passage in froissart, when, masked in the snowy symbol of their faction, the desperate white hoods of ghent murder their bailiff in the market-place! nor, in some things, does the common, hereditary experience of all mankind fail to bear witness to the supernaturalism of this hue. it cannot well be doubted, that the one visible quality in the aspect of the dead which most appals the gazer, is the marble
and so i came up—took my chance,’ said the russian. ‘oh, he is bad, very bad.’ i directed my glass to the house. there were no signs of life, but there was the ruined roof, the long mud wall peeping above the grass, with three little square window-holes, no two of the same size; all this brought within reach of my hand, as it were. and then i made a brusque movement, and one of the remaining posts of that vanished fence leaped up in the field of my glass. you remember i told you i had been struck at the distance by certain attempts at ornamentation, rather remarkable in the ruinous aspect of the place. now i had suddenly a nearer view, and its first result was to make me throw my head back as if before a blow. then i went carefully from post to post with my glass, and i saw my
\"my friend the law-stationer's good lady, over there,\" says mr. bucket, luring mrs. snagsby forward with the finger. what may your game be, ma'am? mrs. snagsby is at first prevented, by tears and lamentations, from stating the nature of her game, but by degrees it confusedly comes to light that she is a woman overwhelmed with injuries and wrongs, whom mr. snagsby has habitually deceived, abandoned, and sought to keep in darkness, and whose chief comfort, under her afflictions, has been the sympathy of the late mr. tulkinghorn, who showed so much commiseration for her on one occasion of his calling in cook's court in the absence of her perjured husband that she has of late habitually carried to him all her woes. everybody it appears, the present company excepted, has plotted against
up by two guinea-pigs, who were giving it something out of a bottle. they all made a rush at alice the moment she appeared; but she ran off as hard as she could, and soon found herself safe in a thick wood. “the first thing i’ve got to do,” said alice to herself, as she wandered about in the wood, “is to grow to my right size again; and the second thing is to find my way into that lovely garden. i think that will be the best plan.” it sounded an excellent plan, no doubt, and very neatly and simply arranged; the only difficulty was, that she had not the smallest idea how to set about it; and while she was peering about anxiously among the trees, a little sharp bark just over her head made her look up in a great hurry. an enormous puppy was looking down at her with large round eyes, and fee
and thus furnished with everything needful, we sailed out of the port to fish. the castle, which is at the entrance of the port, knew who we were, and took no notice of us; and we were not above a mile out of the port before we hauled in our sail and set us down to fish. the wind blew from the n.n.e., which was contrary to my desire, for had it blown southerly i had been sure to have made the coast of spain, and at least reached to the bay of cadiz; but my resolutions were, blow which way it would, i would be gone from that horrid place where i was, and leave the rest to fate. after we had fished some time and caught nothing—for when i had fish on my hook i would not pull them up, that he might not see them—i said to the moor, “this will not do; our master will not be thus served; we must
great deal he did not see and did not want to see; he lived as it were with downcast eyes. it was loathsome and unbearable for him to look. but in the end there was much that surprised him and he began, as it were involuntarily, to notice much that he had not suspected before. what surprised him most of all was the terrible impossible gulf that lay between him and all the rest. they seemed to be a different species, and he looked at them and they at him with distrust and hostility. he felt and knew the reasons of his isolation, but he would never have admitted till then that those reasons were so deep and strong. there were some polish exiles, political prisoners, among them. they simply looked down upon all the rest as ignorant churls; but raskolnikov could not look upon them like
that he fled from society, or contracted an habitual gloom of temper, or died of a broken heart, must not be depended on—for he did neither. he lived to exert, and frequently to enjoy himself. his wife was not always out of humour, nor his home always uncomfortable; and in his breed of horses and dogs, and in sporting of every kind, he found no inconsiderable degree of domestic felicity. for marianne, however, in spite of his incivility in surviving her loss, he always retained that decided regard which interested him in every thing that befell her, and made her his secret standard of perfection in woman; and many a rising beauty would be slighted by him in after-days as bearing no comparison with mrs. brandon. mrs. dashwood was prudent enough to remain at the cottage, without attempting
out of his coat, he seemed to hesitate. finally, he came back, went over to the picture, and examined it. in the dim arrested light that struggled through the cream-coloured silk blinds, the face appeared to him to be a little changed. the expression looked different. one would have said that there was a touch of cruelty in the mouth. it was certainly strange. he turned round and, walking to the window, drew up the blind. the bright dawn flooded the room and swept the fantastic shadows into dusky corners, where they lay shuddering. but the strange expression that he had noticed in the face of the portrait seemed to linger there, to be more intensified even. the quivering ardent sunlight showed him the lines of cruelty round the mouth as clearly as if he had been looking into a mirror
and, as we might say, seized upon that man or thing as her own property, so far as she desired it, but without yielding the minutest degree of control over her motions in requital. the puritans looked on, and, if they smiled, were none the less inclined to pronounce the child a demon offspring, from the indescribable charm of beauty and eccentricity that shone through her little figure, and sparkled with its activity. she ran and looked the wild indian in the face, and he grew conscious of a nature wilder than his own. thence, with native audacity, but still with a reserve as characteristic, she flew into the midst of a group of mariners, the swarthy-cheeked wild men of the ocean, as the indians were of the land; and they gazed wonderingly and admiringly at pearl, as if a flake
could not be skeptical about these, for the worker bore the evidence of them about on his own person—generally he had only to hold out his hand. there were the men in the pickle rooms, for instance, where old antanas had gotten his death; scarce a one of these that had not some spot of horror on his person. let a man so much as scrape his finger pushing a truck in the pickle rooms, and he might have a sore that would put him out of the world; all the joints in his fingers might be eaten by the acid, one by one. of the butchers and floorsmen, the beef-boners and trimmers, and all those who used knives, you could scarcely find a person who had the use of his thumb; time and time again the base of it had been slashed, till it was a mere lump of flesh against which the man pressed the knife
a breath of our passion to stir their dust into consciousness, to wake their ashes into pain. my god, harry, how i worship her!” he was walking up and down the room as he spoke. hectic spots of red burned on his cheeks. he was terribly excited. lord henry watched him with a subtle sense of pleasure. how different he was now from the shy frightened boy he had met in basil hallward’s studio! his nature had developed like a flower, had borne blossoms of scarlet flame. out of its secret hiding-place had crept his soul, and desire had come to meet it on the way. “and what do you propose to do?” said lord henry at last. “i want you and basil to come with me some night and see her act. i have not the slightest fear of the result. you are certain to acknowledge her genius. then we must get her
back the wandering hair that _would_ always get into her eyes—and still as she listened, or seemed to listen, the whole place around her became alive with the strange creatures of her little sister’s dream. the long grass rustled at her feet as the white rabbit hurried by—the frightened mouse splashed his way through the neighbouring pool—she could hear the rattle of the teacups as the march hare and his friends shared their never-ending meal, and the shrill voice of the queen ordering off her unfortunate guests to execution—once more the pig-baby was sneezing on the duchess’s knee, while plates and dishes crashed around it—once more the shriek of the gryphon, the squeaking of the lizard’s slate-pencil, and the choking of the suppressed guinea-pigs, filled the air, mixed up with the
of thought, that were piercing me through and through. i walked a considerable part of the night, and excessive weariness at length conquered my repugnance to the availing myself of the deserted habitations of my species. the waning moon, which had just risen, shewed me a cottage, whose neat entrance and trim garden reminded me of my own england. i lifted up the latch of the door and entered. a kitchen first presented itself, where, guided by the moon beams, i found materials for striking a light. within this was a bed room; the couch was furnished with sheets of snowy whiteness; the wood piled on the hearth, and an array as for a meal, might almost have deceived me into the dear belief that i had here found what i had so long sought--one survivor, a companion for my loneliness, a
i had not mentioned it, thought at first that it was a gigantic sea-serpent. but i undeceived the worthy fellow, and by way of consolation related several particulars in the laying of this cable. the first one was laid in the years 1857 and 1858; but, after transmitting about 400 telegrams, would not act any longer. in 1863 the engineers constructed an other one, measuring 2,000 miles in length, and weighing 4,500 tons, which was embarked on the great eastern. this attempt also failed. on the 25th of may the nautilus, being at a depth of more than 1,918 fathoms, was on the precise spot where the rupture occurred which ruined the enterprise. it was within 638 miles of the coast of ireland; and at half-past two in the afternoon they discovered that communication with europe had ceased.
not at first understand how he had come there. but during the two or three days after katerina ivanovna’s death, he had two or three times met svidrigaïlov at sonia’s lodging, where he had gone aimlessly for a moment. they exchanged a few words and made no reference to the vital subject, as though they were tacitly agreed not to speak of it for a time. katerina ivanovna’s body was still lying in the coffin, svidrigaïlov was busy making arrangements for the funeral. sonia too was very busy. at their last meeting svidrigaïlov informed raskolnikov that he had made an arrangement, and a very satisfactory one, for katerina ivanovna’s children; that he had, through certain connections, succeeded in getting hold of certain personages by whose help the three orphans could be at once placed in
cheeks. she was a much more radical politician than her husband. pluchart's letter, she said. ah! if that fellow was master things would soon go better. étienne had been listening for a moment; he understood and became excited over these ideas of misery and revenge. this name, suddenly uttered, caused him to start. he said aloud, as if in spite of himself: i know him--pluchart. they looked at him. he had to add: yes, i am an engine-man: he was my foreman at lille. a capable man. i have often talked with him. rasseneur examined him afresh; and there was a rapid change on his face, a sudden sympathy. at last he said to his wife: it's maheu who brings me this gentleman, one of his putters, to see if there is a room for him upstairs, and if we can give him credit for a fortnight. 
was, that i had been caught in a strong running noose, thrown over my head from behind. “now,” said a suppressed voice with an oath, “i’ve got you!” “what is this?” i cried, struggling. “who is it? help, help, help!” not only were my arms pulled close to my sides, but the pressure on my bad arm caused me exquisite pain. sometimes, a strong man’s hand, sometimes a strong man’s breast, was set against my mouth to deaden my cries, and with a hot breath always close to me, i struggled ineffectually in the dark, while i was fastened tight to the wall. “and now,” said the suppressed voice with another oath, “call out again, and i’ll make short work of you!” faint and sick with the pain of my injured arm, bewildered by the surprise, and yet conscious how easily this threat could be
marvels accumulated in this museum. for it was in fact a museum, in which an intelligent and prodigal hand had gathered all the treasures of nature and art, with the artistic confusion which distinguishes a painter's studio. thirty first-rate pictures, uniformly framed, separated by bright drapery, ornamented the walls, which were hung with tapestry of severe design. i saw works of great value, the greater part of which i had admired in the special collections of europe, and in the exhibitions of paintings. the several schools of the old masters were represented by a madonna of raphael, a virgin of leonardo da vinci, a nymph of corregio, a woman of titan, an adoration of veronese, an assumption of murillo, a portrait of holbein, a monk of velasquez, a martyr of ribera, a fair of
with water, wrapped in towels, dried, and after a piercing scream, handed to his mother. “well, i am glad you are beginning to love him,” said kitty to her husband, when she had settled herself comfortably in her usual place, with the baby at her breast. “i am so glad! it had begun to distress me. you said you had no feeling for him.” “no; did i say that? i only said i was disappointed.” “what! disappointed in him?” “not disappointed in him, but in my own feeling; i had expected more. i had expected a rush of new delightful emotion to come as a surprise. and then instead of that—disgust, pity....” she listened attentively, looking at him over the baby, while she put back on her slender fingers the rings she had taken off while giving mitya his bath. “and most of all, at there being
hen they were all gone, the old man leaned on the gate again, watching them across the lane along the home close, and through the far gate, till they disappeared behind a bend in the hedge. for the hedgerows in those days shut out one's view, even on the better-managed farms; and this afternoon, the dog-roses were tossing out their pink wreaths, the nightshade was in its yellow and purple glory, the pale honeysuckle grew out of reach, peeping high up out of a holly bush, and over all an ash or a sycamore every now and then threw its shadow across the path. there were acquaintances at other gates who had to move aside and let them pass: at the gate of the home close there was half the dairy of cows standing one behind the other, extremely slow to understand that their large bodies might be
there were grunts of joy, all the backs were roasted at a distance till they smoked like soup. when their flanks were burning they cooked their bellies. mouquette had tranquilly let down her breeches to dry her chemise. some lads were making fun of her; they burst out laughing because she suddenly showed them her posterior, a gesture which in her was the extreme expression of contempt. i'm off, said chaval, who had shut up his tools in his box. no one moved. only mouquette hastened, and went out behind him on the pretext that they were both going back to montsou. but the others went on joking; they knew that he would have no more to do with her. catherine, however, who seemed preoccupied, was speaking in a low voice to her father. the latter was surprised; then he agreed with a nod;
whom he would have given a crushing blow, had not fix rushed in and received it in his stead. an enormous bruise immediately made its appearance under the detective’s silk hat, which was completely smashed in. “yankee!” exclaimed mr. fogg, darting a contemptuous look at the ruffian. “englishman!” returned the other. “we will meet again!” “when you please.” “what is your name?” “phileas fogg. and yours?” “colonel stamp proctor.” the human tide now swept by, after overturning fix, who speedily got upon his feet again, though with tattered clothes. happily, he was not seriously hurt. his travelling overcoat was divided into two unequal parts, and his trousers resembled those of certain indians, which fit less compactly than they are easy to put on. aouda had escaped unharmed, and fix
a savage made his appearance. twenty sioux had fallen mortally wounded to the ground, and the wheels crushed those who fell upon the rails as if they had been worms. several passengers, shot or stunned, lay on the seats. it was necessary to put an end to the struggle, which had lasted for ten minutes, and which would result in the triumph of the sioux if the train was not stopped. fort kearney station, where there was a garrison, was only two miles distant; but, that once passed, the sioux would be masters of the train between fort kearney and the station beyond. the conductor was fighting beside mr. fogg, when he was shot and fell. at the same moment he cried, “unless the train is stopped in five minutes, we are lost!” “it shall be stopped,” said phileas fogg, preparing to rush fro
led in his drawing-room. the medical man was standing before the fire with a sheet of paper in one hand and his watch in the other. i looked round for the time traveller, and—“it’s half-past seven now,” said the medical man. “i suppose we’d better have dinner?” “where’s——?” said i, naming our host. “you’ve just come? it’s rather odd. he’s unavoidably detained. he asks me in this note to lead off with dinner at seven if he’s not back. says he’ll explain when he comes.” “it seems a pity to let the dinner spoil,” said the editor of a well-known daily paper; and thereupon the doctor rang the bell. the psychologist was the only person besides the doctor and myself who had attended the previous dinner. the other men were blank, the editor aforementioned, a certain journalist, and another—a quiet
it is for the sake of the person who has given them to her, and her thoughts are gone back now to the moment when they were put into her hands. no; else why should she have cared to have ear-rings rather than anything else? and i know that she had longed for ear-rings from among all the ornaments she could imagine. “little, little ears!” arthur had said, pretending to pinch them one evening, as hetty sat beside him on the grass without her hat. “i wish i had some pretty ear-rings!” she said in a moment, almost before she knew what she was saying--the wish lay so close to her lips, it would flutter past them at the slightest breath. and the next day--it was only last week--arthur had ridden over to rosseter on purpose to buy them. that little wish so naively uttered seemed to him the
something lost over there in the black country, very far from the parisian boulevards which formed public opinion; it would soon be forgotten. the company had received official intimation to hush up the affair, and to put an end to a strike which from its irritating duration was becoming a social danger. so on wednesday morning three of the directors appeared at montsou. the little town, sick at heart, which had not dared hitherto to rejoice over the massacre, now breathed again, and tasted the joy of being saved. the weather, too, had become fine; there was a bright sun--one of those first february days which, with their moist warmth, tip the lilac shoots with green. all the shutters had been flung back at the administration building, the vast structure seemed alive again. and cheering
in a pitiable old scarf and a much-worn and often-mended pair of gloves, which she had brought down in a paper parcel. i had to preside, too, over the entertainment, consisting of a dish of fish, a roast fowl, a sweetbread, vegetables, pudding, and madeira; and it was so pleasant to see how she enjoyed it, and with what state and ceremony she did honour to it, that i was soon thinking of nothing else. when we had finished and had our little dessert before us, embellished by the hands of my dear, who would yield the superintendence of everything prepared for me to no one, miss flite was so very chatty and happy that i thought i would lead her to her own history, as she was always pleased to talk about herself. i began by saying you have attended on the lord chancellor many
but of this clean, hard, limited person, who dealt in universal scepticism, and who leaned back jauntily just within the circle of my arm. a phrase began to beat in my ears with a sort of heady excitement: “there are only the pursued, the pursuing, the busy, and the tired.” “and daisy ought to have something in her life,” murmured jordan to me. “does she want to see gatsby?” “she’s not to know about it. gatsby doesn’t want her to know. you’re just supposed to invite her to tea.” we passed a barrier of dark trees, and then the façade of fifty-ninth street, a block of delicate pale light, beamed down into the park. unlike gatsby and tom buchanan, i had no girl whose disembodied face floated along the dark cornices and blinding signs, and so i drew up the girl beside me, tightening my
reveal the fatal termination to leonards’ fall from the platform. so dixon’s curiosity combined with her allegiance to urge margaret to go to rest, which her appearance, as she lay on the sofa, showed but too clearly that she required. she did not speak except when spoken to; she tried to smile back in reply to her father’s anxious looks and words of tender inquiry; but, instead of a smile, the wan lips resolved themselves into a sigh. he was so miserably uneasy that, at last, she consented to go into her own room, and prepare for going to bed. she was indeed inclined to give up the idea that the inspector would call again that night, as it was already past nine o’clock. she stood by her father, holding on to the back of his chair. “you will go to bed soon, papa, won’t you? don’t sit
you might easily dent it with your thumb; it is of a hue between yellow and ash colour. and this, good friends, is ambergris, worth a gold guinea an ounce to any druggist. some six handfuls were obtained; but more was unavoidably lost in the sea, and still more, perhaps, might have been secured were it not for impatient ahab’s loud command to stubb to desist, and come on board, else the ship would bid them good bye. . ambergris. now this ambergris is a very curious substance, and so important as an article of commerce, that in 1791 a certain nantucket-born captain coffin was examined at the bar of the english house of commons on that subject. for at that time, and indeed until a comparatively late day, the precise origin of ambergris remained, like amber itself, a problem to the learn
off to be married, on purpose we suppose to make a show with, and poor nancy had not seven shillings in the world; so i was very glad to give her five guineas to take her down to exeter, where she thinks of staying three or four weeks with mrs. burgess, in hopes, as i tell her, to fall in with the doctor again. and i must say that lucy’s crossness not to take them along with them in the chaise is worse than all. poor mr. edward! i cannot get him out of my head, but you must send for him to barton, and miss marianne must try to comfort him.” mr. dashwood’s strains were more solemn. mrs. ferrars was the most unfortunate of women—poor fanny had suffered agonies of sensibility—and he considered the existence of each, under such a blow, with grateful wonder. robert’s offence was unpardonable,
dixon laying out margaret’s dress on the bed; but no margaret. edith remained to fidget about. “oh, dixon! not those horrid blue flowers to that dead gold-coloured gown. what taste! wait a minute, and i will bring you some pomegranate blossoms.” “it’s not a dead gold-colour ma’am. it’s a straw-colour. and blue always goes with straw-colour.” but edith had brought the brilliant scarlet flowers before dixon had got half through her remonstrance. “where is miss hale?” asked edith, as soon as she had tried the effect of the garniture. “i can’t think,” she went on, pettishly, “how my aunt allowed her to get into such rambling habits in milton! i’m sure i’m always expecting to hear of her having met with something horrible among all those wretched places she pokes herself into. i should
just the same if we allow the insurgents to enter the town unmolested. i believe that before an hour has elapsed the mayor and all the functionaries will be prisoners, to say nothing of your husband and the frequenters of this drawing-room.” the marquis thought he saw a vague smile play about félicité’s lips as she answered, with a look of dismay: “do you really think so?” “of course!” replied sicardot; “the republicans are not so stupid as to leave enemies behind them. to-morrow plassans will be emptied of its functionaries and good citizens.” at these words, which she had so cleverly provoked, félicité released her husband’s arms. pierre no longer looked as if he wanted to go out. thanks to his wife, whose skilful tactics escaped him, however, and whose secret complicity he never
ame rate they would carry the country in 1912—though not all of them expected to succeed as quickly as that. the socialists were organized in every civilized nation; it was an international political party, said ostrinski, the greatest the world had ever known. it numbered thirty million of adherents, and it cast eight million votes. it had started its first newspaper in japan, and elected its first deputy in argentina; in france it named members of cabinets, and in italy and australia it held the balance of power and turned out ministries. in germany, where its vote was more than a third of the total vote of the empire, all other parties and powers had united to fight it. it would not do, ostrinski explained, for the proletariat of one nation to achieve the victory, for that nation would
had also a bow-window looking out on the avenue. but when pratt showed will ladislaw into it the window was open; and a winged visitor, buzzing in and out now and then without minding the furniture, made the room look less formal and uninhabited. “glad to see you here again, sir,” said pratt, lingering to adjust a blind. “i am only come to say good-by, pratt,” said will, who wished even the butler to know that he was too proud to hang about mrs. casaubon now she was a rich widow. “very sorry to hear it, sir,” said pratt, retiring. of course, as a servant who was to be told nothing, he knew the fact of which ladislaw was still ignorant, and had drawn his inferences; indeed, had not differed from his betrothed tantripp when she said, “your master was as jealous as a fiend—and no reason. mad
we had a curious conversation about driving a car. it started because she passed so close to some workmen that our fender flicked a button on one man’s coat. “you’re a rotten driver,” i protested. “either you ought to be more careful, or you oughtn’t to drive at all.” “i am careful.” “no, you’re not.” “well, other people are,” she said lightly. “what’s that got to do with it?” “they’ll keep out of my way,” she insisted. “it takes two to make an accident.” “suppose you met somebody just as careless as yourself.” “i hope i never will,” she answered. “i hate careless people. that’s why i like you.” her grey, sun-strained eyes stared straight ahead, but she had deliberately shifted our relations, and for a moment i thought i loved her. but i am slow-thinking and full of interior rules that
of the new town on its right. it is here, about half-way along the street, that stands the sub-prefecture, in the rear of a small square planted with sickly trees; the people of plassans are very proud of this edifice. as if to keep more isolated and shut up within itself, the town is belted with old ramparts, which only serve to increase its gloom and render it more confined. these ridiculous fortifications, preyed upon by ivy and crowned with wild gillyflowers, are about as high and as thick as the walls of a convent, and could be demolished by gunshot. they have several openings, the principal of which, the porte de rome and the grand’-porte, afford access to the nice road and the lyons road, at the other end of town. until 1853 these openings were furnished with huge wooden
thought, or else the passionate fervour of his wish would have forced her to raise those eyes, if but for an instant, to read the late repentance in his. he could have struck her before he left, in order that by some strange overt act of rudeness, he might earn the privilege of telling her the remorse that gnawed at his heart. it was well that the long walk in the open air wound up this evening for him. it sobered him back into grave resolution that henceforth he would see as little of her as possible,--since the very sight of that face and form, the very sounds of that voice (like the soft winds of pure melody) had such power to move him from his balance. well! he had known what love was--a sharp pang, a fierce experience, in the midst of whose flames he was struggling! but, through
 the hall farm evidently that gate is never opened, for the long grass and the great hemlocks grow close against it, and if it were opened, it is so rusty that the force necessary to turn it on its hinges would be likely to pull down the square stone-built pillars, to the detriment of the two stone lionesses which grin with a doubtful carnivorous affability above a coat of arms surmounting each of the pillars. it would be easy enough, by the aid of the nicks in the stone pillars, to climb over the brick wall with its smooth stone coping; but by putting our eyes close to the rusty bars of the gate, we can see the house well enough, and all but the very corners of the grassy enclosure. it is a very fine old place, of red brick, softened by a pale powdery lichen, which has dispersed itself
then his father had met with misfortune in business and killed himself; and there had been his mother and a younger brother and sister. also, there was an invention of duane’s; jurgis could not understand it clearly, but it had to do with telegraphing, and it was a very important thing—there were fortunes in it, millions upon millions of dollars. and duane had been robbed of it by a great company, and got tangled up in lawsuits and lost all his money. then somebody had given him a tip on a horse race, and he had tried to retrieve his fortune with another person’s money, and had to run away, and all the rest had come from that. the other asked him what had led him to safe-breaking—to jurgis a wild and appalling occupation to think about. a man he had met, his cell mate had replied—one
day--i felt so miserable and self-reproachful that i clung to her and told her it was my fault, i knew, that she could say good-bye so easily! no, esther! she returned. it is your misfortune! the coach was at the little lawn-gate--we had not come out until we heard the wheels--and thus i left her, with a sorrowful heart. she went in before my boxes were lifted to the coach-roof and shut the door. as long as i could see the house, i looked back at it from the window through my tears. my godmother had left mrs. rachael all the little property she possessed; and there was to be a sale; and an old hearth-rug with roses on it, which always seemed to me the first thing in the world i had ever seen, was hanging outside in the frost and snow. a day or two before, i had wrapped the dear old
tag to express the bizarre and not a little sinister contrast between them. my house was at the very tip of the egg, only fifty yards from the sound, and squeezed between two huge places that rented for twelve or fifteen thousand a season. the one on my right was a colossal affair by any standard—it was a factual imitation of some hôtel de ville in normandy, with a tower on one side, spanking new under a thin beard of raw ivy, and a marble swimming pool, and more than forty acres of lawn and garden. it was gatsby’s mansion. or, rather, as i didn’t know mr. gatsby, it was a mansion inhabited by a gentleman of that name. my own house was an eyesore, but it was a small eyesore, and it had been overlooked, so i had a view of the water, a partial view of my neighbour’s lawn, and the
she clung to all that her human senses permitted her to see and feel to be a part of raymond. pale as marble, clear and beaming as that, she heard my tale, and enquired concerning the spot where he had been deposited. her features had lost the distortion of grief; her eyes were brightened, her very person seemed dilated; while the excessive whiteness and even transparency of her skin, and something hollow in her voice, bore witness that not tranquillity, but excess of excitement, occasioned the treacherous calm that settled on her countenance. i asked her where he should be buried. she replied, at athens; even at the athens which he loved. without the town, on the acclivity of hymettus, there is a rocky recess which he pointed out to me as the spot where he would wish to repose. my
salvation of her soul, that she did as tightly reined horses; she pulled up short and the bit slipped from her teeth. this nature, positive in the midst of its enthusiasms, that had loved the church for the sake of the flowers, and music for the words of the songs, and literature for its passional stimulus, rebelled against the mysteries of faith as it grew irritated by discipline, a thing antipathetic to her constitution. when her father took her from school, no one was sorry to see her go. the lady superior even thought that she had latterly been somewhat irreverent to the community. emma, at home once more, first took pleasure in looking after the servants, then grew disgusted with the country and missed her convent. when charles came to the bertaux for the first time, she thought her
then led me aft; and in passing before ned's and conseil's cabin, i called my two companions, who followed promptly. we then came to a cell near the machinery-room, in which we put on our walking-dress. a walk on the bottom of the sea this cell was, to speak correctly, the arsenal and wardrobe of the nautilus. a dozen diving apparatuses hung from the partition waiting our use. ned land, on seeing them, showed evident repugnance to dress himself in one. but, my worthy ned, the forests of the island of crespo are nothing but submarine forests. good! said the disappointed harpooner, who saw his dreams of fresh meat fade away. and you, m. aronnax, are you going to dress yourself in those clothes? there is no alternative, master ned. as you please, sir, replied the harpooner,
brown-haired girl of twenty-two, just out of bryn mawr, given to solicitudes about duty and sex and god and the unconquerable bagginess of the gray sports-suit she was now wearing. ted--theodore roosevelt babbitt--a decorative boy of seventeen. tinka--katherine--still a baby at ten, with radiant red hair and a thin skin which hinted of too much candy and too many ice cream sodas. babbitt did not show his vague irritation as he tramped in. he really disliked being a family tyrant, and his nagging was as meaningless as it was frequent. he shouted at tinka, “well, kittiedoolie!” it was the only pet name in his vocabulary, except the “dear” and “hon.” with which he recognized his wife, and he flung it at tinka every morning. he gulped a cup of coffee in the hope of pacifying his stomach
now but the brown earth under the white thorn. yet she cried less to-day than she had done any day since her husband's death. along with all her grief there was mixed an unusual sense of her own importance in having a “burial,” and in mr. irwine's reading a special service for her husband; and besides, she knew the funeral psalm was going to be sung for him. she felt this counter-excitement to her sorrow still more strongly as she walked with her sons towards the church door, and saw the friendly sympathetic nods of their fellow-parishioners. the mother and sons passed into the church, and one by one the loiterers followed, though some still lingered without; the sight of mr. donnithorne's carriage, which was winding slowly up the hill, perhaps helping to make them feel that there was no
in. there were few stars, and the night was warm. the wax of the candles fell in great drops upon the sheets of the bed. charles watched them burn, tiring his eyes against the glare of their yellow flame. the watering on the satin gown shimmered white as moonlight. emma was lost beneath it; and it seemed to him that, spreading beyond her own self, she blended confusedly with everything around her--the silence, the night, the passing wind, the damp odours rising from the ground. then suddenly he saw her in the garden at tostes, on a bench against the thorn hedge, or else at rouen in the streets, on the threshold of their house, in the yard at bertaux. he again heard the laughter of the happy boys beneath the apple-trees: the room was filled with the perfume of her hair; and her dress
start falling pretty soon, and then there’s always trouble with the pipes.” “don’t do it today,” gatsby answered. he turned to me apologetically. “you know, old sport, i’ve never used that pool all summer?” i looked at my watch and stood up. “twelve minutes to my train.” i didn’t want to go to the city. i wasn’t worth a decent stroke of work, but it was more than that—i didn’t want to leave gatsby. i missed that train, and then another, before i could get myself away. “i’ll call you up,” i said finally. “do, old sport.” “i’ll call you about noon.” we walked slowly down the steps. “i suppose daisy’ll call too.” he looked at me anxiously, as if he hoped i’d corroborate this. “i suppose so.” “well, goodbye.” we shook hands and i started away. just before i reached the hedge i remembered
he went up to it quietly and felt that there was someone hiding behind it. he cautiously moved the cloak and saw, sitting on a chair in the corner, the old woman bent double so that he couldn’t see her face; but it was she. he stood over her. “she is afraid,” he thought. he stealthily took the axe from the noose and struck her one blow, then another on the skull. but strange to say she did not stir, as though she were made of wood. he was frightened, bent down nearer and tried to look at her; but she, too, bent her head lower. he bent right down to the ground and peeped up into her face from below, he peeped and turned cold with horror: the old woman was sitting and laughing, shaking with noiseless laughter, doing her utmost that he should not hear it. suddenly he fancied that the
sudden realisation of my ignorance of their ways of thinking and doing came home to me very vividly in the darkness. i shouted at them as loudly as i could. they started away, and then i could feel them approaching me again. they clutched at me more boldly, whispering odd sounds to each other. i shivered violently, and shouted again—rather discordantly. this time they were not so seriously alarmed, and they made a queer laughing noise as they came back at me. i will confess i was horribly frightened. i determined to strike another match and escape under the protection of its glare. i did so, and eking out the flicker with a scrap of paper from my pocket, i made good my retreat to the narrow tunnel. but i had scarce entered this when my light was blown out and in the blackness i could hear
and as she left the ground gave herself up to the force of her rush, which carried her far beyond the ditch; and with the same rhythm, without effort, with the same leg forward, frou-frou fell back into her pace again. “bravo, vronsky!” he heard shouts from a knot of men—he knew they were his friends in the regiment—who were standing at the obstacle. he could not fail to recognize yashvin’s voice though he did not see him. “o my sweet!” he said inwardly to frou-frou, as he listened for what was happening behind. “he’s cleared it!” he thought, catching the thud of gladiator’s hoofs behind him. there remained only the last ditch, filled with water and five feet wide. vronsky did not even look at it, but anxious to get in a long way first began sawing away at the reins, lifting the mare’s
seemed to have worked; and i sometimes asked myself if some inhabitant of these submarine regions would not suddenly appear to me. but captain nemo was still mounting. i could not stay behind. i followed boldly. my stick gave me good help. a false step would have been dangerous on the narrow passes sloping down to the sides of the gulfs; but i walked with firm step, without feeling any giddiness. now i jumped a crevice, the depth of which would have made me hesitate had it been among the glaciers on the land; now i ventured on the unsteady trunk of a tree thrown across from one abyss to the other, without looking under my feet, having only eyes to admire the wild sites of this region. there, monumental rocks, leaning on their regularly-cut bases, seemed to defy all laws of equilibrium.
grey hour when things are just creeping out of darkness, when everything is colourless and clear cut, and yet unreal. i got up, and went down into the great hall, and so out upon the flagstones in front of the palace. i thought i would make a virtue of necessity, and see the sunrise. “the moon was setting, and the dying moonlight and the first pallor of dawn were mingled in a ghastly half-light. the bushes were inky black, the ground a sombre grey, the sky colourless and cheerless. and up the hill i thought i could see ghosts. three several times, as i scanned the slope, i saw white figures. twice i fancied i saw a solitary white, ape-like creature running rather quickly up the hill, and once near the ruins i saw a leash of them carrying some dark body. they moved hastily. i did not see
more powerful than amphion’s lyre, was about to bid them rise from american soil. fort mcpherson was left behind at eight in the morning, and three hundred and fifty-seven miles had yet to be traversed before reaching omaha. the road followed the capricious windings of the southern branch of the platte river, on its left bank. at nine the train stopped at the important town of north platte, built between the two arms of the river, which rejoin each other around it and form a single artery, a large tributary, whose waters empty into the missouri a little above omaha. the one hundred and first meridian was passed. mr. fogg and his partners had resumed their game; no one—not even the dummy—complained of the length of the trip. fix had begun by winning several guineas, which he see
it’s all done for you, and never dream that it is really the grand climax of the century-long battle of commercial competition—the final death grapple between the chiefs of the beef trust and ‘standard oil,’ for the prize of the mastery and ownership of the united states of america!” such was the new home in which jurgis lived and worked, and in which his education was completed. perhaps you would imagine that he did not do much work there, but that would be a great mistake. he would have cut off one hand for tommy hinds; and to keep hinds’s hotel a thing of beauty was his joy in life. that he had a score of socialist arguments chasing through his brain in the meantime did not interfere with this; on the contrary, jurgis scrubbed the spittoons and polished the banisters all the more
standing there. raskolnikov could not see clearly, but he fancied that he was again smiling the same smile of cold hatred and triumph. with slow faltering steps, with shaking knees, raskolnikov made his way back to his little garret, feeling chilled all over. he took off his cap and put it on the table, and for ten minutes he stood without moving. then he sank exhausted on the sofa and with a weak moan of pain he stretched himself on it. so he lay for half an hour. he thought of nothing. some thoughts or fragments of thoughts, some images without order or coherence floated before his mind--faces of people he had seen in his childhood or met somewhere once, whom he would never have recalled, the belfry of the church at v., the billiard table in a restaurant and some officers playing
you had better go to bed at once, dear. ask dixon for some gruel. i will come and see you as soon as you are in bed. i am afraid you have taken cold; or the bad air from some of the stagnant ponds--” “oh, mamma,” said margaret, faintly smiling as she kissed her mother, “i am quite well--don’t alarm yourself about me; i am only tired.” margaret went up stairs. to soothe her mother’s anxiety she submitted to a basin of gruel. she was lying languidly in bed when mrs. hale came up to make some last inquiries and kiss her before going to her own room for the night. but the instant she heard her mother’s door locked, she sprang out of bed, and throwing her dressing-gown on, she began to pace up and down the room, until the creaking of one of the boards reminded her that she must make no
served a multitude of imaginary personages, old and young, to talk withal. the pine-trees, aged, black, and solemn, and flinging groans and other melancholy utterances on the breeze, needed little transformation to figure as puritan elders; the ugliest weeds of the garden were their children, whom pearl smote down and uprooted most unmercifully. it was wonderful, the vast variety of forms into which she threw her intellect, with no continuity, indeed, but darting up and dancing, always in a state of preternatural activity--soon sinking down, as if exhausted by so rapid and feverish a tide of life--and succeeded by other shapes of a similar wild energy. it was like nothing so much as the phantasmagoric play of the northern lights. in the mere exercise of the fancy, however, and the
heavily scented oils and burning odorous gums from the east. he saw that there was no mood of the mind that had not its countern the sensuous life, and set himself to discover their true relations, wondering what there was in frankincense that made one mystical, and in ambergris that stirred one’s passions, and in violets that woke the memory of dead romances, and in musk that troubled the brain, and in champak that stained the imagination; and seeking often to elaborate a real psychology of perfumes, and to estimate the several influences of sweet-smelling roots and scented, pollen-laden flowers; of aromatic balms and of dark and fragrant woods; of spikenard, that sickens; of hovenia, that makes men mad; and of aloes, that are said to be able to expel melancholy from the soul.
our la'ship bestow your fortune better? for to be sure every one must allow that he is the most handsomest, charmingest, finest, tallest, properest man in the world.”--“what do you mean by running on in this manner to me?” cries sophia, with a very grave countenance. “have i ever given any encouragement for these liberties?”--“nay, ma'am, i ask pardon; i meant no harm,” answered she; “but to be sure the poor gentleman hath run in my head ever since i saw him this morning. to be sure, if your la'ship had but seen him just now, you must have pitied him. poor gentleman! i wishes some misfortune hath not happened to him; for he hath been walking about with his arms across, and looking so melancholy, all this morning: i vow and protest it made me almost cry to see him.”--“to see whom?” says sop
some thirty dollars in silver; then spreading them on the table, and mechanically dividing them into two equal portions, pushed one of them towards me, and said it was mine. i was going to remonstrate; but he silenced me by pouring them into my trowsers’ pockets. i let them stay. he then went about his evening prayers, took out his idol, and removed the paper fireboard. by certain signs and symptoms, i thought he seemed anxious for me to join him; but well knowing what was to follow, i deliberated a moment whether, in case he invited me, i would comply or otherwise. i was a good christian; born and bred in the bosom of the infallible presbyterian church. how then could i unite with this wild idolator in worshipping his piece of wood? but what is worship? thought i. do you suppose now,
own into the low ground by the seaside. it was on the n.n.w. side of the hill; so that it was sheltered from the heat every day, till it came to a w. and by s. sun, or thereabouts, which, in those countries, is near the setting. before i set up my tent i drew a half-circle before the hollow place, which took in about ten yards in its semi-diameter from the rock, and twenty yards in its diameter from its beginning and ending. in this half-circle i pitched two rows of strong stakes, driving them into the ground till they stood very firm like piles, the biggest end being out of the ground above five feet and a half, and sharpened on the top. the two rows did not stand above six inches from one another. then i took the pieces of cable which i had cut in the ship, and laid them in rows, one upo
fingers and his terror of the snow—his wailing voice rang in jurgis’s ears, as he lay there in the darkness, until the sweat started on his forehead. now and then he would quiver with a sudden spasm of horror, at the picture of little stanislovas shut up in the deserted building and fighting for his life with the rats! all these emotions had become strangers to the soul of jurgis; it was so long since they had troubled him that he had ceased to think they might ever trouble him again. helpless, trapped, as he was, what good did they do him—why should he ever have allowed them to torment him? it had been the task of his recent life to fight them down, to crush them out of him; never in his life would he have suffered from them again, save that they had caught him unawares, and
to be done, and there is no telling how many things to be thought of, before the pequod was fully equipped. every one knows what a multitude of things—beds, sauce-pans, knives and forks, shovels and tongs, napkins, nut-crackers, and what not, are indispensable to the business of housekeeping. just so with whaling, which necessitates a three-years’ housekeeping upon the wide ocean, far from all grocers, costermongers, doctors, bakers, and bankers. and though this also holds true of merchant vessels, yet not by any means to the same extent as with whalemen. for besides the great length of the whaling voyage, the numerous articles peculiar to the prosecution of the fishery, and the impossibility of replacing them at the remote harbors usually frequented, it must be remembered, that of all
more conveniently than from my hand of the pure water which flowed by my retreat. the floor was a little raised, so that it was kept perfectly dry, and by its vicinity to the chimney of the cottage it was tolerably warm. “being thus provided, i resolved to reside in this hovel until something should occur which might alter my determination. it was indeed a paradise compared to the bleak forest, my former residence, the rain-dropping branches, and dank earth. i ate my breakfast with pleasure and was about to remove a plank to procure myself a little water when i heard a step, and looking through a small chink, i beheld a young creature, with a pail on her head, passing before my hovel. the girl was young and of gentle demeanour, unlike what i have since found cottagers and farmhouse
cart-shed, which was situated in a very lonely spot. they had glided stealthily from door to door, knocking and ringing as quietly as possible, and picking up all the men they could. however, they had only succeeded in collecting some forty, who arrived one after the other, creeping along in the dark, with the pale and drowsy countenances of men who had been violently startled from their sleep. the cart-shed, let to a cooper, was littered with old hoops and broken casks, of which there were piles in every corner. the guns were stored in the middle, in three long boxes. a taper, stuck on a piece of wood, illumined the strange scene with a flickering glimmer. when rougon had removed the covers of the three boxes, the spectacle became weirdly grotesque. above the fire-arms, whose barrels
to-day. i am awfully obliged to you.” “that is entirely due to me,” broke in lord henry. “isn’t it, mr. gray?” dorian made no answer, but passed listlessly in front of his picture and turned towards it. when he saw it he drew back, and his cheeks flushed for a moment with pleasure. a look of joy came into his eyes, as if he had recognized himself for the first time. he stood there motionless and in wonder, dimly conscious that hallward was speaking to him, but not catching the meaning of his words. the sense of his own beauty came on him like a revelation. he had never felt it before. basil hallward’s compliments had seemed to him to be merely the charming exaggeration of friendship. he had listened to them, laughed at them, forgotten them. they had not influenced his nature. then
thine! i could do no better for it.\" as she still hesitated, being, in fact, in no reasonable state of mind, he took the infant in his arms, and himself administered the draught. it soon proved its efficacy, and redeemed the leech's pledge. the moans of the little patient subsided; its convulsive tossings gradually ceased; and in a few moments, as is the custom of young children after relief from pain, it sank into a profound and dewy slumber. the physician, as he had a fair right to be termed, next bestowed his attention on the mother. with calm and intent scrutiny, he felt her pulse, looked into her eyes--a gaze that made her heart shrink and shudder, because so familiar, and yet so strange and cold--and, finally, satisfied with his investigation, proceeded to mingle another draught.
on the unfinished pile.) he scrawled on a sheet of yellow backing-paper the memorandum: “see abt apt h drs,” which gave him an agreeable feeling of having already seen about the apartment-house doors. he discovered that he was smoking another cigar. he threw it away, protesting, “darn it, i thought you'd quit this darn smoking!” he courageously returned the cigar-box to the correspondence-file, locked it up, hid the key in a more difficult place, and raged, “ought to take care of myself. and need more exercise--walk to the club, every single noon--just what i'll do--every noon--cut out this motoring all the time.” the resolution made him feel exemplary. immediately after it he decided that this noon it was too late to walk. it took but little more time to start his car and edge it into
the arrival of the “mongolia.” the porters and fellahs rushed down the quay, and a dozen boats pushed off from the shore to go and meet the steamer. soon her gigantic hull appeared passing along between the banks, and eleven o’clock struck as she anchored in the road. she brought an unusual number of passengers, some of whom remained on deck to scan the picturesque panorama of the town, while the greater part disembarked in the boats, and landed on the quay. fix took up a position, and carefully examined each face and figure which made its appearance. presently one of the passengers, after vigorously pushing his way through the importunate crowd of porters, came up to him and politely asked if he could point out the english consulate, at the same time showing a passport which he wished
passion and crucifixion of christ, and embroidered with lions and peacocks and other emblems; dalmatics of white satin and pink silk damask, decorated with tulips and dolphins and _fleurs-de-lis_; altar frontals of crimson velvet and blue linen; and many corporals, chalice-veils, and sudaria. in the mystic offices to which such things were put, there was something that quickened his imagination. for these treasures, and everything that he collected in his lovely house, were to be to him means of forgetfulness, modes by which he could escape, for a season, from the fear that seemed to him at times to be almost too great to be borne. upon the walls of the lonely locked room where he had spent so much of his boyhood, he had hung with his own hands the terrible portrait whose changing
had i any tools to go about it with. i spent many a day to find out a great stone big enough to cut hollow, and make fit for a mortar, and could find none at all, except what was in the solid rock, and which i had no way to dig or cut out; nor indeed were the rocks in the island of hardness sufficient, but were all of a sandy, crumbling stone, which neither would bear the weight of a heavy pestle, nor would break the corn without filling it with sand. so, after a great deal of time lost in searching for a stone, i gave it over, and resolved to look out for a great block of hard wood, which i found, indeed, much easier; and getting one as big as i had strength to stir, i rounded it, and formed it on the outside with my axe and hatchet, and then with the help of fire and infinite labour,
well of love in general will find some particular reason to spare us this time,’ i said. i resented bitterly the absurd danger of our situation, as if to be at the mercy of that atrocious phantom had been a dishonouring necessity. i could not hear a sound, but through my glasses i saw the thin arm extended commandingly, the lower jaw moving, the eyes of that apparition shining darkly far in its bony head that nodded with grotesque jerks. kurtz—kurtz—that means short in german—don’t it? well, the name was as true as everything else in his life—and death. he looked at least seven feet long. his covering had fallen off, and his body emerged from it pitiful and appalling as from a winding-sheet. i could see the cage of his ribs all astir, the bones of his arm waving. it was as though an
files, scratched by use. three-quarters of an hour passed and they were about to seat themselves at table when the footman announced m. deneulin. he entered in an excited way and bowed to madame hennebeau. ah! you here! he said, seeing the grégoires. and he quickly spoke to the manager: it has come, then? i've just heard of it through my engineer. with me, all the men went down this morning. but the thing may spread. i'm not at all at ease. how is it with you? he had arrived on horseback, and his anxiety betrayed itself in his loud speech and abrupt gestures, which made him resemble a retired cavalry officer. m. hennebeau was beginning to inform him regarding the precise situation, when hippolyte opened the dining-room door. then he interrupted himself to say: lunch with us. i
on the stretcher sit up, lank and with an uplifted arm, above the shoulders of the bearers. ‘let us hope that the man who can talk so well of love in general will find some particular reason to spare us this time,’ i said. i resented bitterly the absurd danger of our situation, as if to be at the mercy of that atrocious phantom had been a dishonouring necessity. i could not hear a sound, but through my glasses i saw the thin arm extended commandingly, the lower jaw moving, the eyes of that apparition shining darkly far in its bony head that nodded with grotesque jerks. kurtz—kurtz—that means short in german—don’t it? well, the name was as true as everything else in his life—and death. he looked at least seven feet long. his covering had fallen off, and his body emerged from it pitiful and
sad tears to theirs; all this time no distinct idea presented itself to my mind, but my thoughts rambled to various subjects, reflecting confusedly on my misfortunes and their cause. i was bewildered, in a cloud of wonder and horror. the death of william, the execution of justine, the murder of clerval, and lastly of my wife; even at that moment i knew not that my only remaining friends were safe from the malignity of the fiend; my father even now might be writhing under his grasp, and ernest might be dead at his feet. this idea made me shudder and recalled me to action. i started up and resolved to return to geneva with all possible speed. there were no horses to be procured, and i must return by the lake; but the wind was unfavourable, and the rain fell in torrents. however, it was
sideways at his block of a face in search of any encouraging note to the text, when he said here we were at barnard’s inn. my depression was not alleviated by the announcement, for, i had supposed that establishment to be an hotel kept by mr. barnard, to which the blue boar in our town was a mere public-house. whereas i now found barnard to be a disembodied spirit, or a fiction, and his inn the dingiest collection of shabby buildings ever squeezed together in a rank corner as a club for tom-cats. we entered this haven through a wicket-gate, and were disgorged by an introductory passage into a melancholy little square that looked to me like a flat burying-ground. i thought it had the most dismal trees in it, and the most dismal sparrows, and the most dismal cats, and the most dismal
what had been, rather than what was. charlotte’s first letters were received with a good deal of eagerness; there could not but be curiosity to know how she would speak of her new home, how she would like lady catherine, and how happy she would dare pronounce herself to be; though, when the letters were read, elizabeth felt that charlotte expressed herself on every point exactly as she might have foreseen. she wrote cheerfully, seemed surrounded with comforts, and mentioned nothing which she could not praise. the house, furniture, neighbourhood, and roads, were all to her taste, and lady catherine’s behaviour was most friendly and obliging. it was mr. collins’s picture of hunsford and rosings rationally softened; and elizabeth perceived that she must wait for her own visit there to know
ave been suspected of extravagance, without any hesitation gave a guinea in exchange for the book. the poor man, who had not for a long time before been possessed of so much treasure, gave mr jones a thousand thanks, and discovered little less of transport in his muscles than jones had before shown when he had first read the name of sophia western. the fellow very readily agreed to attend our travellers to the place where he had found the pocket-book. together, therefore, they proceeded directly thither; but not so fast as mr jones desired; for his guide unfortunately happened to be lame, and could not possibly travel faster than a mile an hour. as this place, therefore, was at above three miles' distance, though the fellow had said otherwise, the reader need not be acquainted how long the
exclaimed pierronne, when maheude had returned the coffee. there was no hurry. she was twenty-eight, and was considered the beauty of the settlement, dark, with a low forehead, large eyes, straight mouth, and coquettish as well; with the neatness of a cat, and with a good figure, for she had had no children. her mother, brulé, the widow of a pikeman who died in the mine, after having sent her daughter to work in a factory, swearing that she should never marry a collier, had never ceased to be angry since she had married, somewhat late, pierron, a widower with a girl of eight. however, the household lived very happily, in the midst of chatter, of scandals which circulated concerning the husband's complaisance and the wife's lovers. no debts, meat twice a week, a house kept so clean
their head, and just behind him were passepartout and the other two travellers, rescued from the sioux. they had met and fought the indians ten miles south of fort kearney. shortly before the detachment arrived, passepartout and his companions had begun to struggle with their captors, three of whom the frenchman had felled with his fists, when his master and the soldiers hastened up to their relief. all were welcomed with joyful cries. phileas fogg distributed the reward he had promised to the soldiers, while passepartout, not without reason, muttered to himself, “it must certainly be confessed that i cost my master dear!” fix, without saying a word, looked at mr. fogg, and it would have been difficult to analyse the thoughts which struggled within him. as for aouda, she took her
in about seven days from the time of their arrival. it gave her no surprise that she saw nothing of mrs. palmer; and as it gave her likewise no concern, she never mentioned her name. two days passed away from the time of mr. palmer’s departure, and her situation continued, with little variation, the same. mr. harris, who attended her every day, still talked boldly of a speedy recovery, and miss dashwood was equally sanguine; but the expectation of the others was by no means so cheerful. mrs. jennings had determined very early in the seizure that marianne would never get over it, and colonel brandon, who was chiefly of use in listening to mrs. jennings’s forebodings, was not in a state of mind to resist their influence. he tried to reason himself out of fears, which the different
arms that one might have thought were made of petrified blood. upon a sign from captain nemo one of the men advanced; and at some feet from the cross he began to dig a hole with a pickaxe that he took from his belt. i understood all! this glade was a cemetery, this hole a tomb, this oblong object the body of the man who had died in the night! the captain and his men had come to bury their companion in this general resting-place, at the bottom of this inaccessible ocean! the grave was being dug slowly; the fish fled on all sides while their retreat was being thus disturbed; i heard the strokes of the pickaxe, which sparkled when it hit upon some flint lost at the bottom of the waters. the hole was soon large and deep enough to receive the body. then the bearers approached; the body,
about to rush up the near mountain-path, when the door of a summer-house at the end of the garden slowly opened, and clara appeared, not advancing towards us, but leaning against a column of the building with blanched cheeks, in a posture of utter despondency. adrian sprang towards her with a cry of joy, and folded her delightedly in his arms. she withdrew from his embrace, and, without a word, again entered the summer-house. her quivering lips, her despairing heart refused to afford her voice to express our misfortune. poor little evelyn had, while playing with her, been seized with sudden fever, and now lay torpid and speechless on a little couch in the summer-house. for a whole fortnight we unceasingly watched beside the poor child, as his life declined under the ravages of a virulent
the many misadventures which had overtaken him since he left london would not seriously affect his journey. the “tankadere” entered the straits of fo-kien, which separate the island of formosa from the chinese coast, in the small hours of the night, and crossed the tropic of cancer. the sea was very rough in the straits, full of eddies formed by the counter-currents, and the chopping waves broke her course, whilst it became very difficult to stand on deck. at daybreak the wind began to blow hard again, and the heavens seemed to predict a gale. the barometer announced a speedy change, the mercury rising and falling capriciously; the sea also, in the south-east, raised long surges which indicated a tempest. the sun had set the evening before in a red mist, in the midst of the phosphoresce
be! here were men who would show him and help him; and he would have friends and allies, he would dwell in the sight of justice, and walk arm in arm with power. the audience subsided again, and jurgis sat back. the chairman of the meeting came forward and began to speak. his voice sounded thin and futile after the other’s, and to jurgis it seemed a profanation. why should any one else speak, after that miraculous man—why should they not all sit in silence? the chairman was explaining that a collection would now be taken up to defray the expenses of the meeting, and for the benefit of the campaign fund of the party. jurgis heard; but he had not a penny to give, and so his thoughts went elsewhere again. he kept his eyes fixed on the orator, who sat in an armchair, his head leaning on his
it was worthy of the general feebleness of my character. even after i was happily hanged and wopsle had closed the book, pumblechook sat staring at me, and shaking his head, and saying, “take warning, boy, take warning!” as if it were a well-known fact that i contemplated murdering a near relation, provided i could only induce one to have the weakness to become my benefactor. it was a very dark night when it was all over, and when i set out with mr. wopsle on the walk home. beyond town, we found a heavy mist out, and it fell wet and thick. the turnpike lamp was a blur, quite out of the lamp’s usual place apparently, and its rays looked solid substance on the fog. we were noticing this, and saying how that the mist rose with a change of wind from a certain quarter of our marshes, when we
had taken on him a terrible vengeance for the fantastic invasion. i think it had whispered to him things about himself which he did not know, things of which he had no conception till he took counsel with this great solitude—and the whisper had proved irresistibly fascinating. it echoed loudly within him because he was hollow at the core.... i put down the glass, and the head that had appeared near enough to be spoken to seemed at once to have leaped away from me into inaccessible distance. “the admirer of mr. kurtz was a bit crestfallen. in a hurried, indistinct voice he began to assure me he had not dared to take these—say, symbols—down. he was not afraid of the natives; they would not stir till mr. kurtz gave the word. his ascendancy was extraordinary. the camps of these people
straw hats with their large clear eyes. some there were lounging in their carriages, gliding through parks, a greyhound bounding along in front of the equipage driven at a trot by two midget postilions in white breeches. others, dreaming on sofas with an open letter, gazed at the moon through a slightly open window half draped by a black curtain. the naive ones, a tear on their cheeks, were kissing doves through the bars of a gothic cage, or, smiling, their heads on one side, were plucking the leaves of a marguerite with their taper fingers, that curved at the tips like peaked shoes. and you, too, were there, sultans with long pipes reclining beneath arbours in the arms of bayaderes; djiaours, turkish sabres, greek caps; and you especially, pale landscapes of dithyrambic lands, that often
some nerve i call it!” “did you notice how dotty was dancing? gee, wasn't she the limit!” babbitt was to be heard sonorously agreeing with the once-hated miss minnie sonntag that persons who let a night go by without dancing to jazz music were crabs, pikers, and poor fish; and he roared “you bet!” when mrs. carrie nork gurgled, “don't you love to sit on the floor? it's so bohemian!” he began to think extremely well of the bunch. when he mentioned his friends sir gerald doak, lord wycombe, william washington eathorne, and chum frink, he was proud of their condescending interest. he got so thoroughly into the jocund spirit that he didn't much mind seeing tanis drooping against the shoulder of the youngest and milkiest of the young men, and he himself desired to hold carrie nork's pulpy han
which, as i heard, was for want of money, he used constantly, once or twice a week, sometimes oftener if the weather was fair, to take the ship’s pinnace and go out into the road a-fishing; and as he always took me and young maresco with him to row the boat, we made him very merry, and i proved very dexterous in catching fish; insomuch that sometimes he would send me with a moor, one of his kinsmen, and the youth—the maresco, as they called him—to catch a dish of fish for him. it happened one time, that going a-fishing in a calm morning, a fog rose so thick that, though we were not half a league from the shore, we lost sight of it; and rowing we knew not whither or which way, we laboured all day, and all the next night; and when the morning came we found we had pulled off to sea instead
in mrs. jenkinson’s room. she would be in nobody’s way, you know, in that part of the house.” mr. darcy looked a little ashamed of his aunt’s ill-breeding, and made no answer. when coffee was over, colonel fitzwilliam reminded elizabeth of having promised to play to him; and she sat down directly to the instrument. he drew a chair near her. lady catherine listened to half a song, and then talked, as before, to her other nephew; till the latter walked away from her, and making with his usual deliberation towards the pianoforte stationed himself so as to command a full view of the fair performer’s countenance. elizabeth saw what he was doing, and at the first convenient pause, turned to him with an arch smile, and said: “you mean to frighten me, mr. darcy, by coming in all this
not have been easy to select the same number of wise and virtuous persons, who should be less capable of sitting in judgment on an erring woman's heart, and disentangling its mesh of good and evil, than the sages of rigid aspect towards whom hester prynne now turned her face. she seemed conscious, indeed, that whatever sympathy she might expect lay in the larger and warmer heart of the multitude; for, as she lifted her eyes towards the balcony, the unhappy woman grew pale, and trembled. the voice which had called her attention was that of the reverend and famous john wilson, the eldest clergyman of boston, a great scholar, like most of his contemporaries in the profession, and withal a man of kind and genial spirit. this last attribute, however, had been less carefully developed than
are you in love with me,” she said low in my ear, “or why did i have to come alone?” “that’s the secret of castle rackrent. tell your chauffeur to go far away and spend an hour.” “come back in an hour, ferdie.” then in a grave murmur: “his name is ferdie.” “does the gasoline affect his nose?” “i don’t think so,” she said innocently. “why?” we went in. to my overwhelming surprise the living-room was deserted. “well, that’s funny,” i exclaimed. “what’s funny?” she turned her head as there was a light dignified knocking at the front door. i went out and opened it. gatsby, pale as death, with his hands plunged like weights in his coat pockets, was standing in a puddle of water glaring tragically into my eyes. with his hands still in his coat pockets he stalked by me into the hall, turned sharp
began to sip his chocolate. the mellow november sun came streaming into the room. the sky was bright, and there was a genial warmth in the air. it was almost like a morning in may. gradually the events of the preceding night crept with silent, blood-stained feet into his brain and reconstructed themselves there with terrible distinctness. he winced at the memory of all that he had suffered, and for a moment the same curious feeling of loathing for basil hallward that had made him kill him as he sat in the chair came back to him, and he grew cold with passion. the dead man was still sitting there, too, and in the sunlight now. how horrible that was! such hideous things were for the darkness, not for the day. he felt that if he brooded on what he had gone through he would sicken or grow
part of his nights at the club, again and again slipping out of his father’s office like a schoolboy to go and gamble away the few louis that his mother gave him clandestinely. it is necessary to have lived in the depths of the french provinces to form an idea of the four brutifying years which the young fellow spent in this fashion. in every little town there is a group of individuals who thus live on their parents, pretending at times to work, but in reality cultivating idleness with a sort of religious zeal. aristide was typical of these incorrigible drones. for four years he did little but play écarté. while he passed his time at the club, his wife, a fair-complexioned nerveless woman, helped to ruin the rougon business by her inordinate passion for showy gowns and her formidable
complete his happiness. he often left us, and wandered by himself in the woods, or sailed in his little skiff, his books his only companions. he was often the gayest of our party, at the same time that he was the only one visited by fits of despondency; his slender frame seemed overcharged with the weight of life, and his soul appeared rather to inhabit his body than unite with it. i was hardly more devoted to my idris than to her brother, and she loved him as her teacher, her friend, the benefactor who had secured to her the fulfilment of her dearest wishes. raymond, the ambitious, restless raymond, reposed midway on the great high-road of life, and was content to give up all his schemes of sovereignty and fame, to make one of us, the flowers of the field. his kingdom was the heart of
force for a perfect cut, and no more. so through various yawning holes there slipped to the floor below—to one room hams, to another forequarters, to another sides of pork. one might go down to this floor and see the pickling rooms, where the hams were put into vats, and the great smoke rooms, with their airtight iron doors. in other rooms they prepared salt pork—there were whole cellars full of it, built up in great towers to the ceiling. in yet other rooms they were putting up meats in boxes and barrels, and wrapping hams and bacon in oiled paper, sealing and labeling and sewing them. from the doors of these rooms went men with loaded trucks, to the platform where freight cars were waiting to be filled; and one went out there and realized with a start that he had come at last to
the county by the wanton luxury and gorgeous splendour of his mode of life, he would suddenly leave his guests and rush back to town to see that the door had not been tampered with and that the picture was still there. what if it should be stolen? the mere thought made him cold with horror. surely the world would know his secret then. perhaps the world already suspected it. for, while he fascinated many, there were not a few who distrusted him. he was very nearly blackballed at a west end club of which his birth and social position fully entitled him to become a member, and it was said that on one occasion, when he was brought by a friend into the smoking-room of the churchill, the duke of berwick and another gentleman got up in a marked manner and went out. curious stories became
like a harp-string nearly breaking. after this she began to scream horribly. she cursed the poison, railed at it, and implored it to be quick, and thrust away with her stiffened arms everything that charles, in more agony than herself, tried to make her drink. he stood up, his handkerchief to his lips, with a rattling sound in his throat, weeping, and choked by sobs that shook his whole body. félicité was running hither and thither in the room. homais, motionless, uttered great sighs; and monsieur canivet, always retaining his self-command, nevertheless began to feel uneasy. “the devil! yet she has been purged, and from the moment that the cause ceases--” “the effect must cease,” said homais, “that is evident.” “oh, save her!” cried bovary. and, without listening to the chemist, who was
say life is a dream, a precious poor dream at times—but i can’t stand another that won’t fit. it’s madness. and where did the dream come from? … i must look at that machine. if there is one!” he caught up the lamp swiftly, and carried it, flaring red, through the door into the corridor. we followed him. there in the flickering light of the lamp was the machine sure enough, squat, ugly, and askew, a thing of brass, ebony, ivory, and translucent glimmering quartz. solid to the touch—for i put out my hand and felt the rail of it—and with brown spots and smears upon the ivory, and bits of grass and moss upon the lower parts, and one rail bent awry. the time traveller put the lamp down on the bench, and ran his hand along the damaged rail. “it’s all right now,” he said. “the story i told you
actually, the trial occupied less than fifteen minutes, largely filled with the evidence of doctors that zilla would recover and that paul must have been temporarily insane. next day paul was sentenced to three years in the state penitentiary and taken off--quite undramatically, not handcuffed, merely plodding in a tired way beside a cheerful deputy sheriff--and after saying good-by to him at the station babbitt returned to his office to realize that he faced a world which, without paul, was meaningless. i he was busy, from march to june. he kept himself from the bewilderment of thinking. his wife and the neighbors were generous. every evening he played bridge or attended the movies, and the days were blank of face and silent. in june, mrs. babbitt and tinka went east, to stay with
accidental course with its accidental burden. the touch of a cluster of leaves revolved it slowly, tracing, like the leg of transit, a thin red circle in the water. it was after we started with gatsby toward the house that the gardener saw wilson’s body a little way off in the grass, and the holocaust was complete. ix after two years i remember the rest of that day, and that night and the next day, only as an endless drill of police and photographers and newspaper men in and out of gatsby’s front door. a rope stretched across the main gate and a policeman by it kept out the curious, but little boys soon discovered that they could enter through my yard, and there were always a few of them clustered open-mouthed about the pool. someone with a positive manner, perhaps a detective, used the
strange, difficult world alone!\" it was the last expression of the despondency of a broken spirit. he lacked energy to grasp the better fortune that seemed within his reach. he repeated the word--\"alone, hester!\" thou shall not go alone! answered she, in a deep whisper. then, all was spoken! xviii. a flood of sunshine arthur dimmesdale gazed into hester's face with a look in which hope and joy shone out, indeed, but with fear betwixt them, and a kind of horror at her boldness, who had spoken what he vaguely hinted at, but dared not speak. but hester prynne, with a mind of native courage and activity, and for so long a period not merely estranged, but outlawed from society, had habituated herself to such latitude of speculation as was altogether foreign to the clergyman. she had wand
the urn was cold, and ordered up the great kitchen tea-kettle; the only consequence of which was that when she met it at the door, and tried to carry it in, it was too heavy for her, and she came in pouting, with a black mark on her muslin gown, and a little round white hand indented by the handle, which she took to show to captain lennox, just like a hurt child, and, of course, the remedy was the same in both cases. margaret’s quickly-adjusted spirit-lamp was the most efficacious contrivance, though not so like the gypsy-encampment which edith, in some of her moods, chose to consider the nearest resemblance to a barrack-life. after this evening all was bustle till the wedding was over. . roses and thorns. “by the soft green light in the woody glade, on the banks of moss where thy
brother's sake. but now her slim figure, her plain black gown, and her pale serene face impressed him with all the force that belongs to a reality contrasted with a preoccupying fancy. for the first moment or two he made no answer, but looked at her with the concentrated, examining glance which a man gives to an object in which he has suddenly begun to be interested. dinah, for the first time in her life, felt a painful self-consciousness; there was something in the dark penetrating glance of this strong man so different from the mildness and timidity of his brother seth. a faint blush came, which deepened as she wondered at it. this blush recalled adam from his forgetfulness. “i was quite taken by surprise; it was very good of you to come and see my mother in her trouble,” he said, in
and touched her lips with mine, just as they said, not stopping for being touched, “take the pencil and write under my name, ‘i forgive her.’” . my hands had been dressed twice or thrice in the night, and again in the morning. my left arm was a good deal burned to the elbow, and, less severely, as high as the shoulder; it was very painful, but the flames had set in that direction, and i felt thankful it was no worse. my right hand was not so badly burnt but that i could move the fingers. it was bandaged, of course, but much less inconveniently than my left hand and arm; those i carried in a sling; and i could only wear my coat like a cloak, loose over my shoulders and fastened at the neck. my hair had been caught by the fire, but not my head or face. when herbert had been down to
to live in a very small house. but here are plenty of people about; let me ask.” she accordingly inquired of a passer-by, and was informed that mr. thornton lived close to the mill, and had the factory lodge-door pointed out to her, at the end of the long dead wall they had noticed. the lodge-door was like a common garden-door; on one side of it were great closed gates for the ingress and egress of lorries and wagons. the lodge-keeper admitted them into a great oblong yard, on one side of which were offices for the transaction of business; on the opposite, an immense many-windowed mill, whence proceeded the continual clank of machinery and the long groaning roar of the steam-engine, enough to deafen those who lived within the enclosure. opposite to the wall, along which the street
through the bars of the arbour and away beyond the river seen in the fields, meandering through the grass in wandering curves. the evening vapours rose between the leafless poplars, touching their outlines with a violet tint, paler and more transparent than a subtle gauze caught athwart their branches. in the distance cattle moved about; neither their steps nor their lowing could be heard; and the bell, still ringing through the air, kept up its peaceful lamentation. with this repeated tinkling the thoughts of the young woman lost themselves in old memories of her youth and school-days. she remembered the great candlesticks that rose above the vases full of flowers on the altar, and the tabernacle with its small columns. she would have liked to be once more lost in the long line of white
forth from my hiding-place, and went in search of food. “when my hunger was appeased, i directed my steps towards the well-known path that conducted to the cottage. all there was at peace. i crept into my hovel and remained in silent expectation of the accustomed hour when the family arose. that hour passed, the sun mounted high in the heavens, but the cottagers did not appear. i trembled violently, apprehending some dreadful misfortune. the inside of the cottage was dark, and i heard no motion; i cannot describe the agony of this suspense. “presently two countrymen passed by, but pausing near the cottage, they entered into conversation, using violent gesticulations; but i did not understand what they said, as they spoke the language of the country, which differed from that of my protector
behind the curtain of trees i had been acutely conscious all the time, flowed out of the woods again, filled the clearing, covered the slope with a mass of naked, breathing, quivering, bronze bodies. i steamed up a bit, then swung down stream, and two thousand eyes followed the evolutions of the splashing, thumping, fierce river-demon beating the water with its terrible tail and breathing black smoke into the air. in front of the first rank, along the river, three men, plastered with bright red earth from head to foot, strutted to and fro restlessly. when we came abreast again, they faced the river, stamped their feet, nodded their horned heads, swayed their scarlet bodies; they shook towards the fierce river-demon a bunch of black feathers, a mangy skin with a pendent tail—something
in number, and each of several barrels’ capacity. when not in use, they are kept remarkably clean. sometimes they are polished with soapstone and sand, till they shine within like silver punch-bowls. during the night-watches some cynical old sailors will crawl into them and coil themselves away there for a nap. while employed in polishing them—one man in each pot, side by side—many confidential communications are carried on, over the iron lips. it is a place also for profound mathematical meditation. it was in the left hand try-pot of the pequod, with the soapstone diligently circling round me, that i was first indirectly struck by the remarkable fact, that in geometry all bodies gliding along the cycloid, my soapstone for example, will descend from any point in precisely the same time.
not this preparation; ye need not have come thus far and dragged your captain to the shame of a defeat merely to prove yourselves cowards. oh! be men, or be more than men. be steady to your purposes and firm as a rock. this ice is not made of such stuff as your hearts may be; it is mutable and cannot withstand you if you say that it shall not. do not return to your families with the stigma of disgrace marked on your brows. return as heroes who have fought and conquered and who know not what it is to turn their backs on the foe.” he spoke this with a voice so modulated to the different feelings expressed in his speech, with an eye so full of lofty design and heroism, that can you wonder that these men were moved? they looked at one another and were unable to reply. i spoke; i told them
hoarsely all the while, till at last it sat down a good way off, panting, with its tongue hanging out of its mouth, and its great eyes half shut. this seemed to alice a good opportunity for making her escape; so she set off at once, and ran till she was quite tired and out of breath, and till the puppy’s bark sounded quite faint in the distance. “and yet what a dear little puppy it was!” said alice, as she leant against a buttercup to rest herself, and fanned herself with one of the leaves: “i should have liked teaching it tricks very much, if—if i’d only been the right size to do it! oh dear! i’d nearly forgotten that i’ve got to grow up again! let me see—how _is_ it to be managed? i suppose i ought to eat or drink something or other; but the great question is, what?” the great
of this short halt, while gatsby, so to speak, caught his breath, to clear this set of misconceptions away. it was a halt, too, in my association with his affairs. for several weeks i didn’t see him or hear his voice on the phone—mostly i was in new york, trotting around with jordan and trying to ingratiate myself with her senile aunt—but finally i went over to his house one sunday afternoon. i hadn’t been there two minutes when somebody brought tom buchanan in for a drink. i was startled, naturally, but the really surprising thing was that it hadn’t happened before. they were a party of three on horseback—tom and a man named sloane and a pretty woman in a brown riding-habit, who had been there previously. “i’m delighted to see you,” said gatsby, standing on his porch. “i’m delighted
century, had been a gigantic pine, with its roots and trunk in the darksome shade, and its head aloft in the upper atmosphere. it was a little dell where they had seated themselves, with a leaf-strewn bank rising gently on either side, and a brook flowing through the midst, over a bed of fallen and drowned leaves. the trees impending over it had flung down great branches from time to time, which choked up the current, and compelled it to form eddies and black depths at some points; while, in its swifter and livelier passages there appeared a channel-way of pebbles, and brown, sparkling sand. letting the eyes follow along the course of the stream, they could catch the reflected light from its water, at some short distance within the forest, but soon lost all traces of it amid the
in order, however, that our superior position might not be compromised thereby, a money-box was kept on the kitchen mantel-shelf, into which it was publicly made known that all my earnings were dropped. i have an impression that they were to be contributed eventually towards the liquidation of the national debt, but i know i had no hope of any personal participation in the treasure. mr. wopsle’s great-aunt kept an evening school in the village; that is to say, she was a ridiculous old woman of limited means and unlimited infirmity, who used to go to sleep from six to seven every evening, in the society of youth who paid two pence per week each, for the improving opportunity of seeing her do it. she rented a small cottage, and mr. wopsle had the room upstairs, where we students used
red to the wind in the meadows. she was afraid of the oxen; she began to run; she arrived out of breath, with rosy cheeks, and breathing out from her whole person a fresh perfume of sap, of verdure, of the open air. at this hour rodolphe still slept. it was like a spring morning coming into his room. the yellow curtains along the windows let a heavy, whitish light enter softly. emma felt about, opening and closing her eyes, while the drops of dew hanging from her hair formed, as it were, a topaz aureole around her face. rodolphe, laughing, drew her to him, and pressed her to his breast. then she examined the apartment, opened the drawers of the tables, combed her hair with his comb, and looked at herself in his shaving-glass. often she even put between her teeth the big pipe that lay on
hide. under that dense tangle of branches one would be out of sight of the stars. even were there no other lurking danger—a danger i did not care to let my imagination loose upon—there would still be all the roots to stumble over and the tree-boles to strike against. i was very tired, too, after the excitements of the day; so i decided that i would not face it, but would pass the night upon the open hill. “weena, i was glad to find, was fast asleep. i carefully wrapped her in my jacket, and sat down beside her to wait for the moonrise. the hillside was quiet and deserted, but from the black of the wood there came now and then a stir of living things. above me shone the stars, for the night was very clear. i felt a certain sense of friendly comfort in their twinkling. all the old
him, and what he dared not hope for, and yet was hoping for. he drove up to the steps. a sledge and a carriage with the coachman asleep stood at the entrance. as he went into the entry, alexey alexandrovitch, as it were, got out his resolution from the remotest corner of his brain, and mastered it thoroughly. its meaning ran: “if it’s a trick, then calm contempt and departure. if truth, do what is proper.” the porter opened the door before alexey alexandrovitch rang. the porter, kapitonitch, looked queer in an old coat, without a tie, and in slippers. “how is your mistress?” “a successful confinement yesterday.” alexey alexandrovitch stopped short and turned white. he felt distinctly now how intensely he had longed for her death. “and how is she?” korney in his morning apron ran
to each gate and double-lock it. when they had returned, several members confessed that they really felt more comfortable; and when pierre remarked that the critical situation of the town imposed upon them the duty of remaining at their posts, some of them made arrangements with the view of spending the night in an arm-chair. granoux put on a black silk skull cap which he had brought with him by way of precaution. towards eleven o’clock, half of the gentlemen were sleeping round monsieur garconnet’s writing table. those who still managed to keep their eyes open fancied, as they listened to the measured tramp of the national guards in the courtyard, that they were heroes and were receiving decorations. a large lamp, placed on the writing-table, illumined this strange vigil. all at once,
by that terrible fall. miserable, unresting night! ill preparation for the coming day! she awoke with a start, unrefreshed, and conscious of some reality worse even than her feverish dreams. it all came back upon her; not merely the sorrow, but the terrible discord in the sorrow. where, to what distance apart, had her father wandered, led by doubts which were to her temptations of the evil one? she longed to ask, and yet would not have heard for all the world. the fine crisp morning made her mother feel particularly well and happy at breakfast-time. she talked on, planning village kindness, unheeding the silence of her husband and the monosyllabic answers of margaret. before the things were cleared away, mr. hale got up; he leaned one hand on the table, as if to support himself: “i
mark of especial favour. but these were not the two cats which i brought on shore at first, for they were both of them dead, and had been interred near my habitation by my own hand; but one of them having multiplied by i know not what kind of creature, these were two which i had preserved tame; whereas the rest ran wild in the woods, and became indeed troublesome to me at last, for they would often come into my house, and plunder me too, till at last i was obliged to shoot them, and did kill a great many; at length they left me. with this attendance and in this plentiful manner i lived; neither could i be said to want anything but society; and of that, some time after this, i was likely to have too much. i was something impatient, as i have observed, to have the use of my boat, though very
on their heads, and the clink kept time with their footsteps. black rags were wound round their loins, and the short ends behind waggled to and fro like tails. i could see every rib, the joints of their limbs were like knots in a rope; each had an iron collar on his neck, and all were connected together with a chain whose bights swung between them, rhythmically clinking. another report from the cliff made me think suddenly of that ship of war i had seen firing into a continent. it was the same kind of ominous voice; but these men could by no stretch of imagination be called enemies. they were called criminals, and the outraged law, like the bursting shells, had come to them, an insoluble mystery from the sea. all their meagre breasts panted together, the violently dilated nostrils
place with the mob of the unemployed. this time, however, jurgis did not have the same fine confidence, nor the same reason for it. he was no longer the finest-looking man in the throng, and the bosses no longer made for him; he was thin and haggard, and his clothes were seedy, and he looked miserable. and there were hundreds who looked and felt just like him, and who had been wandering about packingtown for months begging for work. this was a critical time in jurgis’ life, and if he had been a weaker man he would have gone the way the rest did. those out-of-work wretches would stand about the packing houses every morning till the police drove them away, and then they would scatter among the saloons. very few of them had the nerve to face the rebuffs that they would encounter by trying
of himself, he may growl in the spirit, rain, rain, rain! nothing but rain--and no family here! as he goes in again and lies down with a gloomy yawn. so with the dogs in the kennel-buildings across the park, who have their restless fits and whose doleful voices when the wind has been very obstinate have even made it known in the house itself--upstairs, downstairs, and in my lady's chamber. they may hunt the whole country-side, while the raindrops are pattering round their inactivity. so the rabbits with their self-betraying tails, frisking in and out of holes at roots of trees, may be lively with ideas of the breezy days when their ears are blown about or of those seasons of interest when there are sweet young plants to gnaw. the turkey in the poultry-yard, always troubled with a class
it so much that it scarcely seemed the same. what lay heaviest on my mind was, the consideration that six days intervened between me and the day of departure; for i could not divest myself of a misgiving that something might happen to london in the meanwhile, and that, when i got there, it would be either greatly deteriorated or clean gone. joe and biddy were very sympathetic and pleasant when i spoke of our approaching separation; but they only referred to it when i did. after breakfast, joe brought out my indentures from the press in the best parlour, and we put them in the fire, and i felt that i was free. with all the novelty of my emancipation on me, i went to church with joe, and thought perhaps the clergyman wouldn’t have read that about the rich man and the kingdom of heaven,
of will-power,” and hand-shaking house-organs, as richly poured forth by the new school of poets of business. he had painfully written out a first draft, and he intoned it now like a poet delicate and distrait: say, old man! i just want to know can i do you a whaleuva favor? honest! no kidding! i know you're interested in getting a house, not merely a place where you hang up the old bonnet but a love-nest for the wife and kiddies--and maybe for the flivver out beyant (be sure and spell that b-e-y-a-n-t, miss mcgoun) the spud garden. say, did you ever stop to think that we're here to save you trouble? that's how we make a living--folks don't pay us for our lovely beauty! now take a look: sit right down at the handsome carved mahogany escritoire and shoot us in a line telling us just
there a week, walking the streets where their footsteps had clicked together through the november night and revisiting the out-of-the-way places to which they had driven in her white car. just as daisy’s house had always seemed to him more mysterious and gay than other houses, so his idea of the city itself, even though she was gone from it, was pervaded with a melancholy beauty. he left feeling that if he had searched harder, he might have found her—that he was leaving her behind. the day-coach—he was penniless now—was hot. he went out to the open vestibule and sat down on a folding-chair, and the station slid away and the backs of unfamiliar buildings moved by. then out into the spring fields, where a yellow trolley raced them for a minute with people in it who might once have seen
for he gave me a look that i did not understand, and it all passed in a moment. but if he had looked at me for an hour or for a day, i could not have remembered his face ever afterwards, as having been more attentive. the soldier with the basket soon got a light, and lighted three or four torches, and took one himself and distributed the others. it had been almost dark before, but now it seemed quite dark, and soon afterwards very dark. before we departed from that spot, four soldiers standing in a ring, fired twice into the air. presently we saw other torches kindled at some distance behind us, and others on the marshes on the opposite bank of the river. “all right,” said the sergeant. “march.” we had not gone far when three cannon were fired ahead of us with a sound that seemed to
he had put the offer of the money urged her to speak with harder resolution than ever. “it is of no use, sir. i will not do it. put up your money. i will not touch your money. i will do anything else i can to comfort you; but i will not touch your keys or your money.” “anything else—anything else!” said old featherstone, with hoarse rage, which, as if in a nightmare, tried to be loud, and yet was only just audible. “i want nothing else. you come here—you come here.” mary approached him cautiously, knowing him too well. she saw him dropping his keys and trying to grasp his stick, while he looked at her like an aged hyena, the muscles of his face getting distorted with the effort of his hand. she paused at a safe distance. “let me give you some cordial,” she said, quietly, “and try to compo
the present, sits down at mr. snagsby's table and lays about him prodigiously. the conversion of nutriment of any sort into oil of the quality already mentioned appears to be a process so inseparable from the constitution of this exemplary vessel that in beginning to eat and drink, he may be described as always becoming a kind of considerable oil mills or other large factory for the production of that article on a wholesale scale. on the present evening of the long vacation, in cook's court, cursitor street, he does such a powerful stroke of business that the warehouse appears to be quite full when the works cease. at this period of the entertainment, guster, who has never recovered her first failure, but has neglected no possible or impossible means of bringing the establishment and herse
ant to be misunderstood, and especially by you, who will see mr. kurtz long before i can have that pleasure. i wouldn’t like him to get a false idea of my disposition....’ “i let him run on, this _papier-mache_ mephistopheles, and it seemed to me that if i tried i could poke my forefinger through him, and would find nothing inside but a little loose dirt, maybe. he, don’t you see, had been planning to be assistant-manager by and by under the present man, and i could see that the coming of that kurtz had upset them both not a little. he talked precipitately, and i did not try to stop him. i had my shoulders against the wreck of my steamer, hauled up on the slope like a carcass of some big river animal. the smell of mud, of primeval mud, by jove! was in my nostrils, the high stillness of
steadying himself the slightest particle by catching hold of anything with his hands; indeed, as token of his entire, buoyant self-command, he generally carries his hands in his trowsers’ pockets; but perhaps being generally very large, heavy hands, he carries them there for ballast. nevertheless there have occurred instances, well authenticated ones too, where the captain has been known for an uncommonly critical moment or two, in a sudden squall say—to seize hold of the nearest oarsman’s hair, and hold on there like grim death. . the town-ho’s story. (_as told at the golden inn._) the cape of good hope, and all the watery region round about there, is much like some noted four corners of a great highway, where you meet more travellers than in any other part. it was not very long after
go away from the pit, from which he was driven off; he could not even sit down and wait near his mother, he was so deeply stirred by the need to act, which drove him constantly on. it was the third day. négrel, in despair, had resolved to abandon the attempt in the evening. at midday, after lunch, when he came back with his men to make one last effort, he was surprised to see zacharie, red and gesticulating, come out of the mine shouting: she's there! she's replied to me! come along, quickly! he had slid down the ladders, in spite of the watchman, and was declaring that he had heard hammering over there, in the first passage of the guillaume seam. but we have already been twice in that direction, négrel observed, sceptically. anyhow, we'll go and see. maheude had risen, and had
killed by veslovsky alone, and one by both of them together. meanwhile from the other side of the marsh came the sound of stepan arkadyevitch’s shots, not frequent, but, as levin fancied, well-directed, for almost after each they heard “krak, krak, _apporte_!” this excited levin still more. the snipe were floating continually in the air over the reeds. their whirring wings close to the earth, and their harsh cries high in the air, could be heard on all sides; the snipe that had risen first and flown up into the air, settled again before the sportsmen. instead of two hawks there were now dozens of them hovering with shrill cries over the marsh. after walking through the larger half of the marsh, levin and veslovsky reached the place where the peasants’ mowing-grass was divided into long
and myrtle wilson was peering down at the car. so engrossed was she that she had no consciousness of being observed, and one emotion after another crept into her face like objects into a slowly developing picture. her expression was curiously familiar—it was an expression i had often seen on women’s faces, but on myrtle wilson’s face it seemed purposeless and inexplicable until i realized that her eyes, wide with jealous terror, were fixed not on tom, but on jordan baker, whom she took to be his wife. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ there is no confusion like the confusion of a simple mind, and as we drove away tom was feeling the hot whips of panic. his wife and his mistress, until an hour ago secure and inviolate, were slipping precipitately
him, if he had known it, that the general attention was too thoroughly absorbed by ben's dancing for any one to give much heed to the music. have you ever seen a real english rustic perform a solo dance? perhaps you have only seen a ballet rustic, smiling like a merry countryman in crockery, with graceful turns of the haunch and insinuating movements of the head. that is as much like the real thing as the “bird waltz” is like the song of birds. wiry ben never smiled: he looked as serious as a dancing monkey--as serious as if he had been an experimental philosopher ascertaining in his own person the amount of shaking and the varieties of angularity that could be given to the human limbs. to make amends for the abundant laughter in the striped marquee, arthur clapped his hands continually
passionate exclamation, as if some torture screw were threatening him, he started up and said, “it is impossible!” he went and leaned on the back of the chair again, and seemed to be battling with his own anger, while she looked towards him sadly. “it is as fatal as a murder or any other horror that divides people,” he burst out again; “it is more intolerable—to have our life maimed by petty accidents.” “no—don’t say that—your life need not be maimed,” said dorothea, gently. “yes, it must,” said will, angrily. “it is cruel of you to speak in that way—as if there were any comfort. you may see beyond the misery of it, but i don’t. it is unkind—it is throwing back my love for you as if it were a trifle, to speak in that way in the face of the fact. we can never be married.” “some time—we
so vicious a passion from your heart, and your good sense will soon enable you to do it without pain.” the reader may pretty well guess blifil's answer; but, if he should be at a loss, we are not at present at leisure to satisfy him, as our history now hastens on to matters of higher importance, and we can no longer bear to be absent from sophia. . an extraordinary scene between sophia and her aunt. the lowing heifer and the bleating ewe, in herds and flocks, may ramble safe and unregarded through the pastures. these are, indeed, hereafter doomed to be the prey of man; yet many years are they suffered to enjoy their liberty undisturbed. but if a plump doe be discovered to have escaped from the forest, and to repose herself in some field or grove, the whole parish is presently alarmed, eve
intensity, staring at the platform as if nothing else ever had interested him, or ever could interest him, all his life. he imagined the angry exclamations, the hostile glances; he imagined the policeman striding toward him—reaching for his neck. or was he to have one more chance? were they going to let him alone this time? he sat trembling; waiting— and then suddenly came a voice in his ear, a woman’s voice, gentle and sweet, “if you would try to listen, comrade, perhaps you would be interested.” jurgis was more startled by that than he would have been by the touch of a policeman. he still kept his eyes fixed ahead, and did not stir; but his heart gave a great leap. comrade! who was it that called him “comrade”? he waited long, long; and at last, when he was sure that he was no long
tastes are like my own, to approve or amend my plans. how would such a friend repair the faults of your poor brother! i am too ardent in execution and too impatient of difficulties. but it is a still greater evil to me that i am self-educated: for the first fourteen years of my life i ran wild on a common and read nothing but our uncle thomas’ books of voyages. at that age i became acquainted with the celebrated poets of our own country; but it was only when it had ceased to be in my power to derive its most important benefits from such a conviction that i perceived the necessity of becoming acquainted with more languages than that of my native country. now i am twenty-eight and am in reality more illiterate than many schoolboys of fifteen. it is true that i have thought more and that
some kind of primitive honour? no fear can stand up to hunger, no patience can wear it out, disgust simply does not exist where hunger is; and as to superstition, beliefs, and what you may call principles, they are less than chaff in a breeze. don’t you know the devilry of lingering starvation, its exasperating torment, its black thoughts, its sombre and brooding ferocity? well, i do. it takes a man all his inborn strength to fight hunger properly. it’s really easier to face bereavement, dishonour, and the perdition of one’s soul—than this kind of prolonged hunger. sad, but true. and these chaps, too, had no earthly reason for any kind of scruple. restraint! i would just as soon have expected restraint from a hyena prowling amongst the corpses of a battlefield. but there was the fact
the republic as a happy era when he would be allowed to fill his pockets from his neighbour’s cash-box, and even strangle the neighbour if the latter manifested any displeasure. his cafe life and all the newspaper articles he had read without understanding them had made him a terrible ranter who enunciated the strangest of political theories. it is necessary to have heard one of those malcontents who ill digest what they read, haranguing the company in some provincial taproom, in order to conceive the degree of hateful folly at which macquart had arrived. as he talked a good deal, had seen active service, and was naturally regarded as a man of energy and spirit, he was much sought after and listened to by simpletons. although he was not the chief of any party, he had succeeded in
the birds hurried off at once: one old magpie began wrapping itself up very carefully, remarking, “i really must be getting home; the night-air doesn’t suit my throat!” and a canary called out in a trembling voice to its children, “come away, my dears! it’s high time you were all in bed!” on various pretexts they all moved off, and alice was soon left alone. “i wish i hadn’t mentioned dinah!” she said to herself in a melancholy tone. “nobody seems to like her, down here, and i’m sure she’s the best cat in the world! oh, my dear dinah! i wonder if i shall ever see you any more!” and here poor alice began to cry again, for she felt very lonely and low-spirited. in a little while, however, she again heard a little pattering of footsteps in the distance, and she looked up eagerly, half
it would be killing for killing's sake. i know that is a privilege reserved for man, but i do not approve of such murderous pastime. in destroying the southern whale (like the greenland whale, an inoffensive creature), your traders do a culpable action, master land. they have already depopulated the whole of baffin's bay, and are annihilating a class of useful animals. leave the unfortunate cetacea alone. they have plenty of natural enemies--cachalots, swordfish, and sawfish--without you troubling them.\e captain was right. the barbarous and inconsiderate greed of these fishermen will one day cause the disappearance of the last whale in the ocean. ned land whistled yankee-doodle between his teeth, thrust his hands into his pockets, and turned his back upon us. but captain nemo
the valley. a tingling long-lost sense of pleasure often came across me during this journey. some turn in the road, some new object suddenly perceived and recognised, reminded me of days gone by, and were associated with the lighthearted gaiety of boyhood. the very winds whispered in soothing accents, and maternal nature bade me weep no more. then again the kindly influence ceased to act—i found myself fettered again to grief and indulging in all the misery of reflection. then i spurred on my animal, striving so to forget the world, my fears, and more than all, myself—or, in a more desperate fashion, i alighted and threw myself on the grass, weighed down by horror and despair. at length i arrived at the village of chamounix. exhaustion succeeded to the extreme fatigue both of body and
and judgment will make him much consulted by his friends. but i should think he could come on thursday. at any rate, i am sure he will let you know if he cannot.” “a strike!” asked margaret. “what for? what are they going to strike for?” “for the mastership and ownership of other people’s property,” said mrs. thornton, with a fierce snort. “that is what they always strike for. if my son’s work-people strike, i will only say they are a pack of ungrateful hounds. but i have no doubt they will.” “they are wanting higher wages, i suppose?” asked mr. hale. “that is the face of the thing. but the truth is, they want to be masters, and make the masters into slaves on their own ground. they are always trying at it; they always have it in their minds; and every five or six years, there comes a
really so, sir? it is, man. look, put thy live leg here in the place where mine once was; so, now, here is only one distinct leg to the eye, yet two to the soul. where thou feelest tingling life; there, exactly there, there to a hair, do i. is’t a riddle? i should humbly call it a poser, sir. hist, then. how dost thou know that some entire, living, thinking thing may not be invisibly and uninterpenetratingly standing precisely where thou now standest; aye, and standing there in thy spite? in thy most solitary hours, then, dost thou not fear eavesdroppers? hold, don’t speak! and if i still feel the smart of my crushed leg, though it be now so long dissolved; then, why mayst not thou, carpenter, feel the fiery pains of hell for ever, and without a body? hah! good lord! truly, sir, if it
many who delight themselves with the fancy of their nobility, and are pleased with this conceit—that they are descended from ancestors who have been held for some successions rich, and who have had great possessions; for this is all that makes nobility at present. yet they do not think themselves a whit the less noble, though their immediate parents have left none of this wealth to them, or though they themselves have squandered it away. the utopians have no better opinion of those who are much taken with gems and precious stones, and who account it a degree of happiness next to a divine one if they can purchase one that is very extraordinary, especially if it be of that sort of stones that is then in greatest request, for the same sort is not at all times universally of the same
\u must take heed to instruction, that so, in due season, thou mayest wear in thy bosom the pearl of great price. canst thou tell me, my child, who made thee?\w pearl knew well enough who made her, for hester prynne, the daughter of a pious home, very soon after her talk with the child about her heavenly father, had begun to inform her of those truths which the human spirit, at whatever stage of immaturity, imbibes with such eager interest. pearl, therefore--so large were the attainments of her three years' lifetime--could have borne a fair examination in the new england primer, or the first column of the westminster catechisms, although unacquainted with the outward form of either of those celebrated works. but that perversity, which all children have more or less of, and of
old on all hands, it's the system. i mustn't look to individuals. it's the system. i mustn't go into court and say, my lord, i beg to know this from you--is this right or wrong? have you the face to tell me i have received justice and therefore am dismissed? my lord knows nothing of it. he sits there to administer the system. i mustn't go to mr. tulkinghorn, the solicitor in lincoln's inn fields, and say to him when he makes me furious by being so cool and satisfied--as they all do, for i know they gain by it while i lose, don't i?--i mustn't say to him, i will have something out of some one for my ruin, by fair means or foul! he is not responsible. it's the system. but, if i do no violence to any of them, here--i may! i don't know what may happen if i am carried beyond myself at
set off for the coach-office with startop, who volunteered his company, to make inquiry when the next coach went down. finding that the afternoon coach was gone, and finding that his uneasiness grew into positive alarm, as obstacles came in his way, he resolved to follow in a post-chaise. so he and startop arrived at the blue boar, fully expecting there to find me, or tidings of me; but, finding neither, went on to miss havisham’s, where they lost me. hereupon they went back to the hotel (doubtless at about the time when i was hearing the popular local version of my own story) to refresh themselves and to get some one to guide them out upon the marshes. among the loungers under the boar’s archway happened to be trabb’s boy,—true to his ancient habit of happening to be everywhere where
and went on till they looked bored, then irritated, then as doubtful as gunch. ii he thought of tanis always. with a stir he remembered her every aspect. his arms yearned for her. “i've found her! i've dreamed of her all these years and now i've found her!” he exulted. he met her at the movies in the morning; he drove out to her flat in the late afternoon or on evenings when he was believed to be at the elks. he knew her financial affairs and advised her about them, while she lamented her feminine ignorance, and praised his masterfulness, and proved to know much more about bonds than he did. they had remembrances, and laughter over old times. once they quarreled, and he raged that she was as “bossy” as his wife and far more whining when he was inattentive. but that passed
of surprise, mrs. bennet answered instantly, “oh dear!—yes—certainly. i am sure lizzy will be very happy—i am sure she can have no objection. come, kitty, i want you up stairs.” and, gathering her work together, she was hastening away, when elizabeth called out: “dear madam, do not go. i beg you will not go. mr. collins must excuse me. he can have nothing to say to me that anybody need not hear. i am going away myself.” “no, no, nonsense, lizzy. i desire you to stay where you are.” and upon elizabeth’s seeming really, with vexed and embarrassed looks, about to escape, she added: “lizzy, i _insist_ upon your staying and hearing mr. collins.” elizabeth would not oppose such an injunction—and a moment’s consideration making her also sensible that it would be wisest to get it over as soon and
that i had a tolerable view of subsisting, without any want, as long as i lived; for i considered from the beginning how i would provide for the accidents that might happen, and for the time that was to come, even not only after my ammunition should be spent, but even after my health and strength should decay. i confess i had not entertained any notion of my ammunition being destroyed at one blast—i mean my powder being blown up by lightning; and this made the thoughts of it so surprising to me, when it lightened and thundered, as i observed just now. and now being about to enter into a melancholy relation of a scene of silent life, such, perhaps, as was never heard of in the world before, i shall take it from its beginning, and continue it in its order. it was by my account the 30th of
by sophia, who was not only disappointed of seeing the man she loved, but had the vexation of being obliged to dress herself out, in order to receive a visit from the man she hated. that afternoon mr western, for the first time, acquainted his daughter with his intention; telling her, he knew very well that she had heard it before from her aunt. sophia looked very grave upon this, nor could she prevent a few pearls from stealing into her eyes. “come, come,” says western, “none of your maidenish airs; i know all; i assure you sister hath told me all.” “is it possible,” says sophia, “that my aunt can have betrayed me already?”--“ay, ay,” says western; “betrayed you! ay. why, you betrayed yourself yesterday at dinner. you showed your fancy very plainly, i think. but you young girls never
alexandrovitch as one admitting of no delay on account of the deplorable condition of the native tribes. in the commission this question had been a ground of contention between several departments. the department hostile to alexey alexandrovitch proved that the condition of the native tribes was exceedingly flourishing, that the proposed reconstruction might be the ruin of their prosperity, and that if there were anything wrong, it arose mainly from the failure on the part of alexey alexandrovitch’s department to carry out the measures prescribed by law. now alexey alexandrovitch intended to demand: first, that a new commission should be formed which should be empowered to investigate the condition of the native tribes on the spot; secondly, if it should appear that the condition of the
astonishment that wickham should marry a girl whom it was impossible he could marry for money; and how lydia could ever have attached him had appeared incomprehensible. but now it was all too natural. for such an attachment as this she might have sufficient charms; and though she did not suppose lydia to be deliberately engaging in an elopement without the intention of marriage, she had no difficulty in believing that neither her virtue nor her understanding would preserve her from falling an easy prey. she had never perceived, while the regiment was in hertfordshire, that lydia had any partiality for him; but she was convinced that lydia wanted only encouragement to attach herself to anybody. sometimes one officer, sometimes another, had been her favourite, as their attentions raised them
sit with the syphogrant above all the rest; next them there is a mixture of old and young, who are so placed that as the young are set near others, so they are mixed with the more ancient; which, they say, was appointed on this account: that the gravity of the old people, and the reverence that is due to them, might restrain the younger from all indecent words and gestures. dishes are not served up to the whole table at first, but the best are first set before the old, whose seats are distinguished from the young, and, after them, all the rest are served alike. the old men distribute to the younger any curious meats that happen to be set before them, if there is not such an abundance of them that the whole company may be served alike. “thus old men are honoured with a particular respect
fly to fight another whale, and go through the whole weary thing again. oh! my friends, but this is man-killing! yet this is life. for hardly have we mortals by long toilings extracted from this world’s vast bulk its small but valuable sperm; and then, with weary patience, cleansed ourselves from its defilements, and learned to live here in clean tabernacles of the soul; hardly is this done, when—_there she blows!_—the ghost is spouted up, and away we sail to fight some other world, and go through young life’s old routine again. oh! the metempsychosis! oh! pythagoras, that in bright greece, two thousand years ago, did die, so good, so wise, so mild; i sailed with thee along the peruvian coast last voyage—and, foolish as i am, taught thee, a green simple boy, how to splice a rope! . the
i almost think i can remember feeling a little different. but if i’m not the same, the next question is, who in the world am i? ah, _that’s_ the great puzzle!” and she began thinking over all the children she knew that were of the same age as herself, to see if she could have been changed for any of them. “i’m sure i’m not ada,” she said, “for her hair goes in such long ringlets, and mine doesn’t go in ringlets at all; and i’m sure i can’t be mabel, for i know all sorts of things, and she, oh! she knows such a very little! besides, _she’s_ she, and _i’m_ i, and—oh dear, how puzzling it all is! i’ll try if i know all the things i used to know. let me see: four times five is twelve, and four times six is thirteen, and four times seven is—oh dear! i shall never get to twenty at that
in a single instance, he had so fearfully transgressed one of the most sacred of them. but this had been a sin of passion, not of principle, nor even purpose. since that wretched epoch, he had watched with morbid zeal and minuteness, not his acts--for those it was easy to arrange--but each breath of emotion, and his every thought. at the head of the social system, as the clergymen of that day stood, he was only the more trammelled by its regulations, its principles, and even its prejudices. as a priest, the framework of his order inevitably hemmed him in. as a man who had once sinned, but who kept his conscience all alive and painfully sensitive by the fretting of an unhealed wound, he might have been supposed safer within the line of virtue than if he had never sinned at all. thus
“thrown open”—what kind of sermon _he_ would have given them. after favouring them with some heads of that discourse, he remarked that he considered the subject of the day’s homily, ill chosen; which was the less excusable, he added, when there were so many subjects “going about.” “true again,” said uncle pumblechook. “you’ve hit it, sir! plenty of subjects going about, for them that know how to put salt upon their tails. that’s what’s wanted. a man needn’t go far to find a subject, if he’s ready with his salt-box.” mr. pumblechook added, after a short interval of reflection, “look at pork alone. there’s a subject! if you want a subject, look at pork!” “true, sir. many a moral for the young,” returned mr. wopsle,—and i knew he was going to lug me in, before he said it; “might be deduced
not be for society, as he frequently sat there ten minutes together without opening his lips; and when he did speak, it seemed the effect of necessity rather than of choice—a sacrifice to propriety, not a pleasure to himself. he seldom appeared really animated. mrs. collins knew not what to make of him. colonel fitzwilliam’s occasionally laughing at his stupidity, proved that he was generally different, which her own knowledge of him could not have told her; and as she would liked to have believed this change the effect of love, and the object of that love her friend eliza, she set herself seriously to work to find it out. she watched him whenever they were at rosings, and whenever he came to hunsford; but without much success. he certainly looked at her friend a great deal, but the
you would like to believe. never mind. i’ll carry my ideas out yet—i will return. i’ll show you what can be done. you with your little peddling notions—you are interfering with me. i will return. i....’ “the manager came out. he did me the honour to take me under the arm and lead me aside. ‘he is very low, very low,’ he said. he considered it necessary to sigh, but neglected to be consistently sorrowful. ‘we have done all we could for him—haven’t we? but there is no disguising the fact, mr. kurtz has done more harm than good to the company. he did not see the time was not ripe for vigorous action. cautiously, cautiously—that’s my principle. we must be cautious yet. the district is closed to us for a time. deplorable! upon the whole, the trade will suffer. i don’t deny there is a
have in hiding down the river, is estella’s father.” . what purpose i had in view when i was hot on tracing out and proving estella’s parentage, i cannot say. it will presently be seen that the question was not before me in a distinct shape until it was put before me by a wiser head than my own. but when herbert and i had held our momentous conversation, i was seized with a feverish conviction that i ought to hunt the matter down,—that i ought not to let it rest, but that i ought to see mr. jaggers, and come at the bare truth. i really do not know whether i felt that i did this for estella’s sake, or whether i was glad to transfer to the man in whose preservation i was so much concerned some rays of the romantic interest that had so long surrounded me. perhaps the latter possibility may
you see them?\s, i see a big man and two small ones behind. haven't they ugly faces? not at all; they are very nice. suddenly m. hennebeau left his chair, saying the coffee was too hot and he would drink it afterwards. as he went out he put a finger to his lips to recommend prudence. they all sat down again and remained at table in silence, no longer daring to move, listening from afar with intent ears jarred by these coarse male voices. the previous day, at a meeting held at rasseneur's, étienne and some comrades had chosen the delegates who were to proceed on the following day to the manager's house. when, in the evening, maheude learnt that her man was one of them, she was in despair, and asked him if he wanted them to be thrown on the street. maheu himself had agreed with
of mind, pride will be always under good regulation.” elizabeth turned away to hide a smile. “your examination of mr. darcy is over, i presume,” said miss bingley; “and pray what is the result?” “i am perfectly convinced by it that mr. darcy has no defect. he owns it himself without disguise.” “no,” said darcy, “i have made no such pretension. i have faults enough, but they are not, i hope, of understanding. my temper i dare not vouch for. it is, i believe, too little yielding—certainly too little for the convenience of the world. i cannot forget the follies and vices of others so soon as i ought, nor their offenses against myself. my feelings are not puffed about with every attempt to move them. my temper would perhaps be called resentful. my good opinion once lost, is lost
i know that and nothing more. it’s the same goal!” she looked at him and understood nothing. she knew only that he was terribly, infinitely unhappy. “no one of them will understand, if you tell them, but i have understood. i need you, that is why i have come to you.” “i don’t understand,” whispered sonia. “you’ll understand later. haven’t you done the same? you, too, have transgressed... have had the strength to transgress. you have laid hands on yourself, you have destroyed a life... _your own_ (it’s all the same!). you might have lived in spirit and understanding, but you’ll end in the hay market.... but you won’t be able to stand it, and if you remain alone you’ll go out of your mind like me. you are like a mad creature already. so we must go together on the same road! let us go!”
good in the country. there are no temptations there. that is the reason why people who live out of town are so absolutely uncivilized. civilization is not by any means an easy thing to attain to. there are only two ways by which man can reach it. one is by being cultured, the other by being corrupt. country people have no opportunity of being either, so they stagnate.” “culture and corruption,” echoed dorian. “i have known something of both. it seems terrible to me now that they should ever be found together. for i have a new ideal, harry. i am going to alter. i think i have altered.” “you have not yet told me what your good action was. or did you say you had done more than one?” asked his companion as he spilled into his plate a little crimson pyramid of seeded strawberries and, through
first wish was aggrandisement; and the means that led towards this end were secondary considerations. haughty, yet trembling to every demonstration of respect; ambitious, but too proud to shew his ambition; willing to achieve honour, yet a votary of pleasure,-- he entered upon life. he was met on the threshold by some insult, real or imaginary; some repulse, where he least expected it; some disappointment, hard for his pride to bear. he writhed beneath an injury he was unable to revenge; and he quitted england with a vow not to return, till the good time should arrive, when she might feel the power of him she now despised. he became an adventurer in the greek wars. his reckless courage and comprehensive genius brought him into notice. he became the darling hero of this rising people. his
of leagues and treaties. we know how religiously they are observed in europe, more particularly where the christian doctrine is received, among whom they are sacred and inviolable! which is partly owing to the justice and goodness of the princes themselves, and partly to the reverence they pay to the popes, who, as they are the most religious observers of their own promises, so they exhort all other princes to perform theirs, and, when fainter methods do not prevail, they compel them to it by the severity of the pastoral censure, and think that it would be the most indecent thing possible if men who are particularly distinguished by the title of ‘the faithful’ should not religiously keep the faith of their treaties. but in that new-found world, which is not more distant from us
that was cast away in the sight of my island, as i now called it; and who, after the ship was struck on the rock, and they saw her inevitably lost, had saved themselves in their boat, and were landed upon that wild shore among the savages. upon this i inquired of him more critically what was become of them. he assured me they lived still there; that they had been there about four years; that the savages left them alone, and gave them victuals to live on. i asked him how it came to pass they did not kill them and eat them. he said, “no, they make brother with them;” that is, as i understood him, a truce; and then he added, “they no eat mans but when make the war fight;” that is to say, they never eat any men but such as come to fight with them and are taken in battle. it was after this
far from that happiness that is enjoyed among the utopians; for the use as well as the desire of money being extinguished, much anxiety and great occasions of mischief is cut off with it, and who does not see that the frauds, thefts, robberies, quarrels, tumults, contentions, seditions, murders, treacheries, and witchcrafts, which are, indeed, rather punished than restrained by the severities of law, would all fall off, if money were not any more valued by the world? men’s fears, solicitudes, cares, labours, and watchings would all perish in the same moment with the value of money; even poverty itself, for the relief of which money seems most necessary, would fall. but, in order to the apprehending this aright, take one instance:— “consider any year, that has been so unfruitful that many
hose whom she had served so zealously. meeting them in the street, she never raised her head to receive their greeting. if they were resolute to accost her, she laid her finger on the scarlet letter, and passed on. this might be pride, but was so like humility, that it produced all the softening influence of the latter quality on the public mind. the public is despotic in its temper; it is capable of denying common justice when too strenuously demanded as a right; but quite as frequently it awards more than justice, when the appeal is made, as despots love to have it made, entirely to its generosity. interpreting hester prynne's deportment as an appeal of this nature, society was inclined to show its former victim a more benign countenance than she cared to be favoured with, or,
smok--” “yes you--at the same time, if i can't get what i like, why, i can do without it. i don't mind sitting down to burnt steak, with canned peaches and store cake for a thrilling little dessert afterwards, but i do draw the line at having to sympathize with zilla because she's so rotten bad-tempered that the cook has quit, and she's been so busy sitting in a dirty lace negligee all afternoon, reading about some brave manly western hero, that she hasn't had time to do any cooking. you're always talking about morals --meaning monogamy, i suppose. you've been the rock of ages to me, all right, but you're essentially a simp. you--” “where d' you get that simp, little man? let me tell you--” “--love to look earnest and inform the world that it's the duty of responsible business men to
return to sweet idris and dearest adrian; return, and let my orphan girl be as a child of your own in your house. look on me as dead; and truly if death be a mere change of state, i am dead. this is another world, from that which late i inhabited, from that which is now your home. here i hold communion only with the has been, and to come. go you to england, and leave me where alone i can consent to drag out the miserable days which i must still live.\shower of tears terminated her sad harangue. i had expected some extravagant proposition, and remained silent awhile, collecting my thoughts that i might the better combat her fanciful scheme. you cherish dreary thoughts, my dear perdita, i said, nor do i wonder that for a time your better reason should be influenced by
of sheet-lead; but this last was so heavy, i could not hoist it up to get it over the ship’s side. besides these things, i took all the men’s clothes that i could find, and a spare fore-topsail, a hammock, and some bedding; and with this i loaded my second raft, and brought them all safe on shore, to my very great comfort. i was under some apprehension, during my absence from the land, that at least my provisions might be devoured on shore: but when i came back i found no sign of any visitor; only there sat a creature like a wild cat upon one of the chests, which, when i came towards it, ran away a little distance, and then stood still. she sat very composed and unconcerned, and looked full in my face, as if she had a mind to be acquainted with me. i presented my gun at her, but, as she
folks doesna like the young uns,” said old martin, bending his head down lower, and seeming to trace the pattern of the quarries with his eye. “aye, it's ill livin' in a hen-roost for them as doesn't like fleas,” said mrs. poyser. “we've all had our turn at bein' young, i reckon, be't good luck or ill.” “but she must learn to commodate herself to young women,” said mr. poyser, “for it isn t to be counted on as adam and seth ull keep bachelors for the next ten year to please their mother. that  ud be unreasonable. it isn't right for old nor young nayther to make a bargain all o' their own side. what's good for one's good all round i' the long run. i'm no friend to young fellows a-marrying afore they know the difference atween a crab an' a apple; but they may wait o'er long.” “to be sure
it. but then, when he turned from life itself to glance at it again, it fell away too, and proved to be the same muslin garment with no warmth in it. his brother sergey ivanovitch advised him to read the theological works of homiakov. levin read the second volume of homiakov’s works, and in spite of the elegant, epigrammatic, argumentative style which at first repelled him, he was impressed by the doctrine of the church he found in them. he was struck at first by the idea that the apprehension of divine truths had not been vouchsafed to man, but to a corporation of men bound together by love—to the church. what delighted him was the thought how much easier it was to believe in a still existing living church, embracing all the beliefs of men, and having god at its head, and therefore holy
just before inserted; since the poor wife may, on these occasions, be so justly compared to a hunted hare. like that little wretched animal, she pricks up her ears to listen after the voice of her pursuer; like her, flies away trembling when she hears it; and, like her, is generally overtaken and destroyed in the end. this was not however the case at present; for after a long fruitless search, mr fitzpatrick returned to the kitchen, where, as if this had been a real chace, entered a gentleman hallowing as hunters do when the hounds are at a fault. he was just alighted from his horse, and had many attendants at his heels. here, reader, it may be necessary to acquaint thee with some matters, which, if thou dost know already, thou art wiser than i take thee to be. and this information thou
about the well, and again i failed. so presently i left them, meaning to go back to weena, and see what i could get from her. but my mind was already in revolution; my guesses and impressions were slipping and sliding to a new adjustment. i had now a clue to the import of these wells, to the ventilating towers, to the mystery of the ghosts; to say nothing of a hint at the meaning of the bronze gates and the fate of the time machine! and very vaguely there came a suggestion towards the solution of the economic problem that had puzzled me. “here was the new view. plainly, this second species of man was subterranean. there were three circumstances in particular which made me think that its rare emergence above ground was the outcome of a long-continued underground habit. in the first place,
bucket, returning, and it's all right. now, mr. snagsby, we're ready for you. first, jo has to complete his errand of good nature by handing over the physic he has been to get, which he delivers with the laconic verbal direction that it's to be all took d'rectly. secondly, mr. snagsby has to lay upon the table half a crown, his usual panacea for an immense variety of afflictions. thirdly, mr. bucket has to take jo by the arm a little above the elbow and walk him on before him, without which observance neither the tough subject nor any other subject could be professionally conducted to lincoln's inn fields. these arrangements completed, they give the women good night and come out once more into black and foul tom-all-alone's. by the noisome ways through which they descended into that
atter had resumed his sorting in a feverish manner, as though he were very busy. “listen to me, monsieur vuillet,” she said to him. and when he raised his head: “let us play our cards openly; you do wrong to betray us; some misfortune may befall you. if, instead of unsealing our letters—” at this he protested, and feigned great indignation. but she calmly continued: “i know, i know your school, you never confess. come, don’t let us waste any more words, what interest have you in favouring the coup d’état?” and, as he continued to assert his perfect honesty, she at last lost patience. “you take me for a fool!” she cried. “i’ve read your article. you would do much better to act in concert with us.” thereupon, without avowing anything, he flatly submitted that he wished to have the custom of
love. “i have long meant to tell you this,” she went on, looking resolutely into his eyes, and hot all over from the burning flush on her cheeks. “i’ve come on purpose this evening, knowing i should meet you. i have come to tell you that this must end. i have never blushed before anyone, and you force me to feel to blame for something.” he looked at her and was struck by a new spiritual beauty in her face. “what do you wish of me?” he said simply and seriously. “i want you to go to moscow and ask for kitty’s forgiveness,” she said. “you don’t wish that?” he said. he saw she was saying what she forced herself to say, not what she wanted to say. “if you love me, as you say,” she whispered, “do so that i may be at peace.” his face grew radiant. “don’t you know that you’re all my life to
voyage, in order that a careful selection of the stoutest, clearest-grained stuff might be secured. this done, the carpenter received orders to have the leg completed that night; and to provide all the fittings for it, independent of those pertaining to the distrusted one in use. moreover, the ship’s forge was ordered to be hoisted out of its temporary idleness in the hold; and, to accelerate the affair, the blacksmith was commanded to proceed at once to the forging of whatever iron contrivances might be needed. . the carpenter. seat thyself sultanically among the moons of saturn, and take high abstracted man alone; and he seems a wonder, a grandeur, and a woe. but from the same point, take mankind in mass, and for the most part, they seem a mob of unnecessary duplicates, both
and most destructive. first she looked at him for some moments. “you have not got them!” she repeated several times. “you have not got them! i ought to have spared myself this last shame. you never loved me. you are no better than the others.” she was betraying, ruining herself. rodolphe interrupted her, declaring he was “hard up” himself. “ah! i pity you,” said emma. “yes--very much.” and fixing her eyes upon an embossed carabine, that shone against its panoply, “but when one is so poor one doesn’t have silver on the butt of one’s gun. one doesn’t buy a clock inlaid with tortoise shell,” she went on, pointing to a buhl timepiece, “nor silver-gilt whistles for one’s whips,” and she touched them, “nor charms for one’s watch. oh, he wants for nothing! even to a liqueur-stand in his
were in custody and under sentence of execution. then the queen left off, quite out of breath, and said to alice, “have you seen the mock turtle yet?” “no,” said alice. “i don’t even know what a mock turtle is.” “it’s the thing mock turtle soup is made from,” said the queen. “i never saw one, or heard of one,” said alice. “come on, then,” said the queen, “and he shall tell you his history,” as they walked off together, alice heard the king say in a low voice, to the company generally, “you are all pardoned.” “come, _that’s_ a good thing!” she said to herself, for she had felt quite unhappy at the number of executions the queen had ordered. they very soon came upon a gryphon, lying fast asleep in the sun. (if you don’t know what a gryphon is, look at the picture.) “up, lazy thing!” said
would have got on infinitely better if she had not had such a mechanical way of taking possession of people. the children sulked and stared; the family took no notice of us whatever, except when the young man made the dog bark, which he usually did when mrs. pardiggle was most emphatic. we both felt painfully sensible that between us and these people there was an iron barrier which could not be removed by our new friend. by whom or how it could be removed, we did not know, but we knew that. even what she read and said seemed to us to be ill-chosen for such auditors, if it had been imparted ever so modestly and with ever so much tact. as to the little book to which the man on the floor had referred, we acquired a knowledge of it afterwards, and mr. jarndyce said he doubted if robinson
was complete abstention, general panic among the functionaries. if only all regular administration should disappear, and they could dispose of the destinies of plassans for a single day, their fortune would be firmly established. happily for them, there was not a man in the government service whose convictions were so firm or whose circumstances were so needy as to make him disposed to risk the game. the sub-prefect was a man of liberal spirit whom the executive had forgetfully left at plassans, owing, no doubt, to the good repute of the town. of timid character and incapable of exceeding his authority, he would no doubt be greatly embarrassed in the presence of an insurrection. the rougons, who knew that he was in favour of the democratic cause, and who consequently never dreaded his
it was that, in my being brought low, he saw the finger of providence. he knowed that finger when he saw joseph, and he saw it plain. it pinted out this writing, joseph. _reward of ingratitoode to his earliest benefactor, and founder of fortun’s_. but that man said he did not repent of what he had done, joseph. not at all. it was right to do it, it was kind to do it, it was benevolent to do it, and he would do it again.’” “it’s pity,” said i, scornfully, as i finished my interrupted breakfast, “that the man did not say what he had done and would do again.” “squires of the boar!” pumblechook was now addressing the landlord, “and william! i have no objections to your mentioning, either up town or down town, if such should be your wishes, that it was right to do it, kind to do it, ben
an unseen support. after speaking to the jailer, the magistrate turned to her and said, “the turnkey will take you to the prisoner's cell and leave you there for the night, if you desire it, but you can't have a light during the night--it is contrary to rules. my name is colonel townley: if i can help you in anything, ask the jailer for my address and come to me. i take some interest in this hetty sorrel, for the sake of that fine fellow, adam bede. i happened to see him at hayslope the same evening i heard you preach, and recognized him in court to-day, ill as he looked.” “ah, sir, can you tell me anything about him? can you tell me where he lodges? for my poor uncle was too much weighed down with trouble to remember.” “close by here. i inquired all about him of mr. irwine. he lodges
her half glance of hope was misery; the words died before i could articulate them; i felt a ghastly smile wrinkle my lips. she understood my gesture; again her head fell; again her fingers worked restlessly. at last i recovered speech, but my voice terrified her; the hapless girl had understood my look, and for worlds she would not that the tale of her heavy misery should have been shaped out and confirmed by hard, irrevocable words. nay, she seemed to wish to distract my thoughts from the subject: she rose from the floor: hush! she said, whisperingly; after much weeping, clara sleeps; we must not disturb her. she seated herself then on the same ottoman where i had left her in the morning resting on the beating heart of her raymond; i dared not approach her, but sat at a distant
him and herself. on being made acquainted with the present mr. darcy’s treatment of him, she tried to remember some of that gentleman’s reputed disposition when quite a lad which might agree with it, and was confident at last that she recollected having heard mr. fitzwilliam darcy formerly spoken of as a very proud, ill-natured boy. mrs. gardiner’s caution to elizabeth was punctually and kindly given on the first favourable opportunity of speaking to her alone; after honestly telling her what she thought, she thus went on: “you are too sensible a girl, lizzy, to fall in love merely because you are warned against it; and, therefore, i am not afraid of speaking openly. seriously, i would have you be on your guard. do not involve yourself or endeavour to involve him in an affection which
in spite of his excess in pleasure he looked as fresh as a big glossy green dutch cucumber. the prince had traveled a great deal, and considered one of the chief advantages of modern facilities of communication was the accessibility of the pleasures of all nations. he had been in spain, and there had indulged in serenades and had made friends with a spanish girl who played the mandolin. in switzerland he had killed chamois. in england he had galloped in a red coat over hedges and killed two hundred pheasants for a bet. in turkey he had got into a harem; in india he had hunted on an elephant, and now in russia he wished to taste all the specially russian forms of pleasure. vronsky, who was, as it were, chief master of the ceremonies to him, was at great pains to arrange all the russian
and as often i asked about captain ahab, and how he was, and when he was going to come on board his ship. to these questions they would answer, that he was getting better and better, and was expected aboard every day; meantime, the two captains, peleg and bildad, could attend to everything necessary to fit the vessel for the voyage. if i had been downright honest with myself, i would have seen very plainly in my heart that i did but half fancy being committed this way to so long a voyage, without once laying my eyes on the man who was to be the absolute dictator of it, so soon as the ship sailed out upon the open sea. but when a man suspects any wrong, it sometimes happens that if he be already involved in the matter, he insensibly strives to cover up his suspicions even from himself.
to induce us to prolong our journey as far north as perth, where he resided. clerval eagerly desired to accept this invitation, and i, although i abhorred society, wished to view again mountains and streams and all the wondrous works with which nature adorns her chosen dwelling-places. we had arrived in england at the beginning of october, and it was now february. we accordingly determined to commence our journey towards the north at the expiration of another month. in this expedition we did not intend to follow the great road to edinburgh, but to visit windsor, oxford, matlock, and the cumberland lakes, resolving to arrive at the completion of this tour about the end of july. i packed up my chemical instruments and the materials i had collected, resolving to finish my labours in some
observing a change in will’s face, he avoided any further mention of her, feeling himself too ignorant of their relation to each other not to fear that his words might have some hidden painful bearing on it. and it occurred to him that dorothea was the real cause of the present visit to middlemarch. the two men were pitying each other, but it was only will who guessed the extent of his companion’s trouble. when lydgate spoke with desperate resignation of going to settle in london, and said with a faint smile, “we shall have you again, old fellow,” will felt inexpressibly mournful, and said nothing. rosamond had that morning entreated him to urge this step on lydgate; and it seemed to him as if he were beholding in a magic panorama a future where he himself was sliding into that
not speak, all at once. her father said, “you dislike it very much don’t you, margaret?” then she conquered herself, and said, with a bright strong look on her face: “it is a painful thing, but it must be done, and i will do it as well as ever i can. you must have many painful things to do.” mr. hale shook his head despondingly: he pressed her hand in token of gratitude. margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of crying. to turn her thoughts, she said: “now tell me, papa, what our plans are. you and mamma have some money, independent of the income from the living, have you not? aunt shaw has, i know.” “yes. i suppose we have about a hundred and twenty pounds a year of our own. seventy of that has always gone to frederick, since he has been abroad. i don’t know if he wants it all,”
joshua rigg, who was also sole executor, and who was to take thenceforth the name of featherstone. there was a rustling which seemed like a shudder running round the room. every one stared afresh at mr. rigg, who apparently experienced no surprise. “a most singular testamentary disposition!” exclaimed mr. trumbull, preferring for once that he should be considered ignorant in the past. “but there is a second will—there is a further document. we have not yet heard the final wishes of the deceased.” mary garth was feeling that what they had yet to hear were not the final wishes. the second will revoked everything except the legacies to the low persons before mentioned (some alterations in these being the occasion of the codicil), and the bequest of all the land lying in lowick parish with
might be a very good pretence for it, since it would look like the executing a law and the doing of justice. a fourth proposes the prohibiting of many things under severe penalties, especially such as were against the interest of the people, and then the dispensing with these prohibitions, upon great compositions, to those who might find their advantage in breaking them. this would serve two ends, both of them acceptable to many; for as those whose avarice led them to transgress would be severely fined, so the selling licences dear would look as if a prince were tender of his people, and would not easily, or at low rates, dispense with anything that might be against the public good. another proposes that the judges must be made sure, that they may declare always in favour of the
hold over the adventure for the following day, and i returned to the welcome and the caresses of little weena. but next morning i perceived clearly enough that my curiosity regarding the palace of green porcelain was a piece of self-deception, to enable me to shirk, by another day, an experience i dreaded. i resolved i would make the descent without further waste of time, and started out in the early morning towards a well near the ruins of granite and aluminium. “little weena ran with me. she danced beside me to the well, but when she saw me lean over the mouth and look downward, she seemed strangely disconcerted. ‘good-bye, little weena,’ i said, kissing her; and then putting her down, i began to feel over the parapet for the climbing hooks. rather hastily, i may as well confess, for i
long!” laughed the stranger, with a solemnly derisive sort of laugh. “look ye; when captain ahab is all right, then this left arm of mine will be all right; not before.” “what do you know about him?” “what did they _tell_ you about him? say that!” “they didn’t tell much of anything about him; only i’ve heard that he’s a good whale-hunter, and a good captain to his crew.” “that’s true, that’s true—yes, both true enough. but you must jump when he gives an order. step and growl; growl and go—that’s the word with captain ahab. but nothing about that thing that happened to him off cape horn, long ago, when he lay like dead for three days and nights; nothing about that deadly skrimmage with the spaniard afore the altar in santa?—heard nothing about that, eh? nothing about the silver calabash
if you had listened to the voice of conscience and heeded the stings of remorse before you had urged your diabolical vengeance to this extremity, frankenstein would yet have lived.” “and do you dream?” said the dæmon. “do you think that i was then dead to agony and remorse? he,” he continued, pointing to the corpse, “he suffered not in the consummation of the deed. oh! not the ten-thousandth portion of the anguish that was mine during the lingering detail of its execution. a frightful selfishness hurried me on, while my heart was poisoned with remorse. think you that the groans of clerval were music to my ears? my heart was fashioned to be susceptible of love and sympathy, and when wrenched by misery to vice and hatred, it did not endure the violence of the change without torture such
simply because i had a notion it somehow would be of help to that kurtz whom at the time i did not see—you understand. he was just a word for me. i did not see the man in the name any more than you do. do you see him? do you see the story? do you see anything? it seems to me i am trying to tell you a dream—making a vain attempt, because no relation of a dream can convey the dream-sensation, that commingling of absurdity, surprise, and bewilderment in a tremor of struggling revolt, that notion of being captured by the incredible which is of the very essence of dreams....” he was silent for a while. “... no, it is impossible; it is impossible to convey the life-sensation of any given epoch of one’s existence—that which makes its truth, its meaning—its subtle and penetrating essence. it is
had been surrounded in the miserable little shop and the miserable little noisy evening school, with that miserable old bundle of incompetence always to be dragged and shouldered. i reflected that even in those untoward times there must have been latent in biddy what was now developing, for, in my first uneasiness and discontent i had turned to her for help, as a matter of course. biddy sat quietly sewing, shedding no more tears, and while i looked at her and thought about it all, it occurred to me that perhaps i had not been sufficiently grateful to biddy. i might have been too reserved, and should have patronised her more (though i did not use that precise word in my meditations) with my confidence. “yes, biddy,” i observed, when i had done turning it over, “you were my first teacher,
have filled you with terror, day-dreams and sleeping dreams whose mere memory might stain your cheek with shame—” “stop!” faltered dorian gray, “stop! you bewilder me. i don’t know what to say. there is some answer to you, but i cannot find it. don’t speak. let me think. or, rather, let me try not to think.” for nearly ten minutes he stood there, motionless, with parted lips and eyes strangely bright. he was dimly conscious that entirely fresh influences were at work within him. yet they seemed to him to have come really from himself. the few words that basil’s friend had said to him—words spoken by chance, no doubt, and with wilful paradox in them—had touched some secret chord that had never been touched before, but that he felt was now vibrating and throbbing to curious pulses. music had
it is true, for greater treasures than a little food or rest: i required kindness and sympathy; but i did not believe myself utterly unworthy of it. “the winter advanced, and an entire revolution of the seasons had taken place since i awoke into life. my attention at this time was solely directed towards my plan of introducing myself into the cottage of my protectors. i revolved many projects, but that on which i finally fixed was to enter the dwelling when the blind old man should be alone. i had sagacity enough to discover that the unnatural hideousness of my person was the chief object of horror with those who had formerly beheld me. my voice, although harsh, had nothing terrible in it; i thought, therefore, that if in the absence of his children i could gain the good will and media
for a few minutes he was silent, till, shaking off his embarrassment, he turned to her again, and said in the gentlest of accents: “you, who so well know my feeling towards mr. darcy, will readily comprehend how sincerely i must rejoice that he is wise enough to assume even the _appearance_ of what is right. his pride, in that direction, may be of service, if not to himself, to many others, for it must only deter him from such foul misconduct as i have suffered by. i only fear that the sort of cautiousness to which you, i imagine, have been alluding, is merely adopted on his visits to his aunt, of whose good opinion and judgement he stands much in awe. his fear of her has always operated, i know, when they were together; and a good deal is to be imputed to his wish of forwarding the
for me,\ returned affectionately. you're a dear, good, wise, quiet, blessed girl; but you have your prepossessions. so i come round to john jarndyce. i tell you, my good esther, when he and i were on those terms which he found so convenient, we were not on natural terms. are division and animosity your natural terms, richard? no, i don't say that. i mean that all this business puts us on unnatural terms, with which natural relations are incompatible. see another reason for urging it on! i may find out when it's over that i have been mistaken in john jarndyce. my head may be clearer when i am free of it, and i may then agree with what you say to-day. very well. then i shall acknowledge it and make him reparation. everything postponed to that imaginary time! everything held in
seek danger. i feel that i know what ought to be done, and as my presence is necessary for the accomplishment of my plans, i will take especial care to preserve my life. i am now going to undertake an office fitted for me. i cannot intrigue, or work a tortuous path through the labyrinth of men's vices and passions; but i can bring patience, and sympathy, and such aid as art affords, to the bed of disease; i can raise from earth the miserable orphan, and awaken to new hopes the shut heart of the mourner. i can enchain the plague in limits, and set a term to the misery it would occasion; courage, forbearance, and watchfulness, are the forces i bring towards this great work.  o, i shall be something now! from my birth i have aspired like the eagle --but, unlike the eagle, my wings have fail
lay coming in, not sober, though not to say very drunk--he could understand what was said to him. he sat down on the bench and did not speak. there was only one stranger in the bar and a man i knew asleep on a bench and our two boys. “have you seen dmitri?” said i. “no, i haven’t,” said he. “and you’ve not been here either?” “not since the day before yesterday,” said he. “and where did you sleep last night?” “in peski, with the kolomensky men.” “and where did you get those ear-rings?” i asked. “i found them in the street,” and the way he said it was a bit queer; he did not look at me. “did you hear what happened that very evening, at that very hour, on that same staircase?” said i. “no,” said he, “i had not heard,” and all the while he was listening, his eyes were staring out of his head
in the chains and fetters of one slave than all their ornaments amounted to, their plumes fell, and they were ashamed of all that glory for which they had formed valued themselves, and accordingly laid it aside—a resolution that they immediately took when, on their engaging in some free discourse with the utopians, they discovered their sense of such things and their other customs. the utopians wonder how any man should be so much taken with the glaring doubtful lustre of a jewel or a stone, that can look up to a star or to the sun himself; or how any should value himself because his cloth is made of a finer thread; for, how fine soever that thread may be, it was once no better than the fleece of a sheep, and that sheep, was a sheep still, for all its wearing it. they wonder much to hear
on me’—that is unpardonable. willoughby, where was your heart when you wrote those words? oh, barbarously insolent!—elinor, can he be justified?” “no, marianne, in no possible way.” “and yet this woman—who knows what her art may have been?—how long it may have been premeditated, and how deeply contrived by her!—who is she?—who can she be?—whom did i ever hear him talk of as young and attractive among his female acquaintance?—oh! no one, no one—he talked to me only of myself.” another pause ensued; marianne was greatly agitated, and it ended thus. “elinor, i must go home. i must go and comfort mama. can not we be gone to-morrow?” “to-morrow, marianne!” “yes, why should i stay here? i came only for willoughby’s sake—and now who cares for me? who regards me?” “it would be impossible to
one having been married and left a widow; and the other having a husband not so kind to her as he should be. but among all my relations or acquaintances i could not yet pitch upon one to whom i durst commit the gross of my stock, that i might go away to the brazils, and leave things safe behind me; and this greatly perplexed me. i had once a mind to have gone to the brazils and have settled myself there, for i was, as it were, naturalised to the place; but i had some little scruple in my mind about religion, which insensibly drew me back. however, it was not religion that kept me from going there for the present; and as i had made no scruple of being openly of the religion of the country all the while i was among them, so neither did i yet; only that, now and then, having of
but there was no peculiar disgrace in this; for it was very much the case with the chief of their visitors, who almost all laboured under one or other of these disqualifications for being agreeable—want of sense, either natural or improved—want of elegance—want of spirits—or want of temper. when the ladies withdrew to the drawing-room after dinner, this poverty was particularly evident, for the gentlemen _had_ supplied the discourse with some variety—the variety of politics, inclosing land, and breaking horses—but then it was all over; and one subject only engaged the ladies till coffee came in, which was the comparative heights of harry dashwood, and lady middleton’s second son william, who were nearly of the same age. had both the children been there, the affair might have been deter
resolutions, “i never professed to be anything but worldly; and, what’s more, i don’t see anybody else who is not worldly. i suppose you don’t conduct business on what you call unworldly principles. the only difference i see is that one worldliness is a little bit honester than another.” “this kind of discussion is unfruitful, vincy,” said mr. bulstrode, who, finishing his sandwich, had thrown himself back in his chair, and shaded his eyes as if weary. “you had some more particular business.” “yes, yes. the long and short of it is, somebody has told old featherstone, giving you as the authority, that fred has been borrowing or trying to borrow money on the prospect of his land. of course you never said any such nonsense. but the old fellow will insist on it that fred should bring him a
as if she had been made afresh out of new elements, and must perforce be permitted to live her own life, and be a law unto herself without her eccentricities being reckoned to her for a crime. there goes a woman, resumed roger chillingworth, after a pause, who, be her demerits what they may, hath none of that mystery of hidden sinfulness which you deem so grievous to be borne. is hester prynne the less miserable, think you, for that scarlet letter on her breast? i do verily believe it, answered the clergyman. nevertheless, i cannot answer for her. there was a look of pain in her face which i would gladly have been spared the sight of. but still, methinks, it must needs be better for the sufferer to be free to show his pain, as this poor woman hester is, than to cover it up in his
he often sent the servant to the lion d’or to buy him a bottle, which was put down to his son’s account, and to perfume his handkerchiefs he used up his daughter-in-law’s whole supply of eau-de-cologne. the latter did not at all dislike his company. he had knocked about the world, he talked about berlin, vienna, and strasbourg, of his soldier times, of the mistresses he had had, the grand luncheons of which he had partaken; then he was amiable, and sometimes even, either on the stairs, or in the garden, would seize hold of her waist, crying, “charles, look out for yourself.” then madame bovary, senior, became alarmed for her son’s happiness, and fearing that her husband might in the long-run have an immoral influence upon the ideas of the young woman, took care to hurry their
our friendship towards him, bartle. but...you must be careful what you say to him, you know. i'm afraid you have too little fellow-feeling in what you consider his weakness about hetty.” “trust to me, sir--trust to me. i know what you mean. i've been a fool myself in my time, but that's between you and me. i shan't thrust myself on him only keep my eye on him, and see that he gets some good food, and put in a word here and there.” “then,” said mr. irwine, reassured a little as to bartle's discretion, “i think you'll be doing a good deed; and it will be well for you to let adam's mother and brother know that you're going.” “yes, sir, yes,” said bartle, rising, and taking off his spectacles, “i'll do that, i'll do that; though the mother's a whimpering thing--i don't like to come within
hat is rather singular.” “miss eliza bennet,” said miss bingley, “despises cards. she is a great reader, and has no pleasure in anything else.” “i deserve neither such praise nor such censure,” cried elizabeth; “i am _not_ a great reader, and i have pleasure in many things.” “in nursing your sister i am sure you have pleasure,” said bingley; “and i hope it will soon be increased by seeing her quite well.” elizabeth thanked him from her heart, and then walked towards a table where a few books were lying. he immediately offered to fetch her others; all that his library afforded. “and i wish my collection were larger for your benefit and my own credit; but i am an idle fellow, and though i have not many, i have more than i ever looked into.” elizabeth assured him that she could suit herself
and, rushing upon the plank, he crossed it, and fell unconscious on the deck, just as the “carnatic” was moving off. several sailors, who were evidently accustomed to this sort of scene, carried the poor frenchman down into the second cabin, and passepartout did not wake until they were one hundred and fifty miles away from china. thus he found himself the next morning on the deck of the “carnatic,” and eagerly inhaling the exhilarating sea-breeze. the pure air sobered him. he began to collect his sense, which he found a difficult task; but at last he recalled the events of the evening before, fix’s revelation, and the opium-house. “it is evident,” said he to himself, “that i have been abominably drunk! what will mr. fogg say? at least i have not missed the steamer, which is the most
that i minded what mrs. cadwallader said. i should only mind if there were a law obliging me to take any piece of blood and beauty that she or anybody else recommended.” “but you know, dodo, if you ever did marry, it would be all the better to have blood and beauty,” said celia, reflecting that mr. casaubon had not been richly endowed with those gifts, and that it would be well to caution dorothea in time. “don’t be anxious, kitty; i have quite other thoughts about my life. i shall never marry again,” said dorothea, touching her sister’s chin, and looking at her with indulgent affection. celia was nursing her baby, and dorothea had come to say good-night to her. “really—quite?” said celia. “not anybody at all—if he were very wonderful indeed?” dorothea shook her head slowly. “not anybody
lives.” “yet she is always busy,” said charles. “ah! always busy at what? reading novels, bad books, works against religion, and in which they mock at priests in speeches taken from voltaire. but all that leads you far astray, my poor child. anyone who has no religion always ends by turning out badly.” so it was decided to stop emma reading novels. the enterprise did not seem easy. the good lady undertook it. she was, when she passed through rouen, to go herself to the lending-library and represent that emma had discontinued her subscription. would they not have a right to apply to the police if the librarian persisted all the same in his poisonous trade? the farewells of mother and daughter-in-law were cold. during the three weeks that they had been together they had not exchanged
you think theft ought not to be punished by death: would you give way to it? or do you propose any other punishment that will be more useful to the public? for, since death does not restrain theft, if men thought their lives would be safe, what fear or force could restrain ill men? on the contrary, they would look on the mitigation of the punishment as an invitation to commit more crimes.’ i answered, ‘it seems to me a very unjust thing to take away a man’s life for a little money, for nothing in the world can be of equal value with a man’s life: and if it be said, “that it is not for the money that one suffers, but for his breaking the law,” i must say, extreme justice is an extreme injury: for we ought not to approve of those terrible laws that make the smallest offences capital, nor
your way, dodo.” something certainly gave celia unusual courage; and she was not sparing the sister of whom she was occasionally in awe. who can tell what just criticisms murr the cat may be passing on us beings of wider speculation? “it is very painful,” said dorothea, feeling scourged. “i can have no more to do with the cottages. i must be uncivil to him. i must tell him i will have nothing to do with them. it is very painful.” her eyes filled again with tears. “wait a little. think about it. you know he is going away for a day or two to see his sister. there will be nobody besides lovegood.” celia could not help relenting. “poor dodo,” she went on, in an amiable staccato. “it is very hard: it is your favorite _fad_ to draw plans.” “_fad_ to draw plans! do you think i only care about
was left of the artistic spirit, and no more. even that would fade in the end into a contented inactivity. we are kept keen on the grindstone of pain and necessity, and it seemed to me that here was that hateful grindstone broken at last! “as i stood there in the gathering dark i thought that in this simple explanation i had mastered the problem of the world—mastered the whole secret of these delicious people. possibly the checks they had devised for the increase of population had succeeded too well, and their numbers had rather diminished than kept stationary. that would account for the abandoned ruins. very simple was my explanation, and plausible enough—as most wrong theories are! vii. a sudden shock “as i stood there musing over this too perfect triumph of man, the full moon, yellow
know where she is, and it is adviseable he should not, till my uncle hath secured her.----no time therefore is to be lost; and i need only inform you, that she is now with lady bellaston, whom i have seen, and who hath, i find, a design of concealing her from her family. you know, madam, she is a strange woman; but nothing could misbecome me more than to presume to give any hint to one of your great understanding and great knowledge of the world, besides barely informing you of the matter of fact. “i hope, madam, the care which i have shewn on this occasion for the good of my family will recommend me again to the favour of a lady who hath always exerted so much zeal for the honour and true interest of us all; and that it may be a means of restoring me to your friendship, which hath made
that think we're so all-fired successful, aren't getting much out of it? you look as if you expected me to report you as seditious! you know what my own life's been.” “i know, old man.” “i ought to have been a fiddler, and i'm a pedler of tar-roofing! and zilla--oh, i don't want to squeal, but you know as well as i do about how inspiring a wife she is.... typical instance last evening: we went to the movies. there was a big crowd waiting in the lobby, us at the tail-end. she began to push right through it with her sir, how dare you? manner--honestly, sometimes when i look at her and see how she's always so made up and stinking of perfume and looking for trouble and kind of always yelping, i tell yuh i m a lady, damn yuh!'--why, i want to kill her! well, she keeps elbowing through the
son in that country who had never heard of it. to account in some measure for this to the reader, i think proper to inform him, that there was no one in the kingdom less interested in opposing that doctrine concerning the meaning of the word charity, which hath been seen in the preceding chapter, than our good man. indeed, he was equally intitled to this virtue in either sense; for as no man was ever more sensible of the wants, or more ready to relieve the distresses of others, so none could be more tender of their characters, or slower to believe anything to their disadvantage. scandal, therefore, never found any access to his table; for as it hath been long since observed that you may know a man by his companions, so i will venture to say, that, by attending to the conversation at a
marfa petrovna was awfully weak on the side of flattery, and if i had only cared to, i might have had all her property settled on me during her lifetime. (i am drinking an awful lot of wine now and talking too much.) i hope you won’t be angry if i mention now that i was beginning to produce the same effect on avdotya romanovna. but i was stupid and impatient and spoiled it all. avdotya romanovna had several times--and one time in particular--been greatly displeased by the expression of my eyes, would you believe it? there was sometimes a light in them which frightened her and grew stronger and stronger and more unguarded till it was hateful to her. no need to go into detail, but we parted. there i acted stupidly again. i fell to jeering in the coarsest way at all such propaganda and
even faintly true. moreover he told it to me at a time of confusion, when i had reached the point of believing everything and nothing about him. so i take advantage of this short halt, while gatsby, so to speak, caught his breath, to clear this set of misconceptions away. it was a halt, too, in my association with his affairs. for several weeks i didn’t see him or hear his voice on the phone—mostly i was in new york, trotting around with jordan and trying to ingratiate myself with her senile aunt—but finally i went over to his house one sunday afternoon. i hadn’t been there two minutes when somebody brought tom buchanan in for a drink. i was startled, naturally, but the really surprising thing was that it hadn’t happened before. they were a party of three on horseback—tom and a man
no property, and not well-born. those who had not seen anything of dorothea usually observed that she could not have been “a nice woman,” else she would not have married either the one or the other. certainly those determining acts of her life were not ideally beautiful. they were the mixed result of young and noble impulse struggling amidst the conditions of an imperfect social state, in which great feelings will often take the aspect of error, and great faith the aspect of illusion. for there is no creature whose inward being is so strong that it is not greatly determined by what lies outside it. a new theresa will hardly have the opportunity of reforming a conventual life, any more than a new antigone will spend her heroic piety in daring all for the sake of a brother’s burial: the
left; and he had not yet found a job—not even a day’s work at anything, not a chance to carry a satchel. once again, as when he had come out of the hospital, he was bound hand and foot, and facing the grisly phantom of starvation. raw, naked terror possessed him, a maddening passion that would never leave him, and that wore him down more quickly than the actual want of food. he was going to die of hunger! the fiend reached out its scaly arms for him—it touched him, its breath came into his face; and he would cry out for the awfulness of it, he would wake up in the night, shuddering, and bathed in perspiration, and start up and flee. he would walk, begging for work, until he was exhausted; he could not remain still—he would wander on, gaunt and haggard, gazing about him with restless
scheme too wild, if it promised life to them. o! ye heart-strings of mine, could ye be torn asunder, and my soul not spend itself in tears of blood for sorrow! idris, after the first shock, regained a portion of fortitude. she studiously shut out all prospect of the future, and cradled her heart in present blessings. she never for a moment lost sight of her children. but while they in health sported about her, she could cherish contentment and hope. a strange and wild restlessness came over me--the more intolerable, because i was forced to conceal it. my fears for adrian were ceaseless; august had come; and the symptoms of plague encreased rapidly in london. it was deserted by all who possessed the power of removing; and he, the brother of my soul, was exposed to the perils from which
hall never forget: “the ancient teachers of this science,” said he, “promised impossibilities and performed nothing. the modern masters promise very little; they know that metals cannot be transmuted and that the elixir of life is a chimera but these philosophers, whose hands seem only made to dabble in dirt, and their eyes to pore over the microscope or crucible, have indeed performed miracles. they penetrate into the recesses of nature and show how she works in her hiding-places. they ascend into the heavens; they have discovered how the blood circulates, and the nature of the air we breathe. they have acquired new and almost unlimited powers; they can command the thunders of heaven, mimic the earthquake, and even mock the invisible world with its own shadows.” such were the professor’s
in spite of that he made polite and hospitable inquiries of vassenka about his shooting, his gun, and his boots, and agreed to go shooting next day. happily for levin, the old princess cut short his agonies by getting up herself and advising kitty to go to bed. but even at this point levin could not escape another agony. as he said good-night to his hostess, vassenka would again have kissed her hand, but kitty, reddening, drew back her hand and said with a naïve bluntness, for which the old princess scolded her afterwards: “we don’t like that fashion.” in levin’s eyes she was to blame for having allowed such relations to arise, and still more to blame for showing so awkwardly that she did not like them. “why, how can one want to go to bed!” said stepan arkadyevitch, who, after drinking
of the eye of business being distrustful; quite the contrary. in attending to your interests, i wish to have all possible checks upon me; it is right that i should have them; i court inquiry. but your interests demand that i should be cool and methodical, mr. carstone; and i cannot be otherwise--no, sir, not even to please you.\. vholes, after glancing at the official cat who is patiently watching a mouse's hole, fixes his charmed gaze again on his young client and proceeds in his buttoned-up, half-audible voice as if there were an unclean spirit in him that will neither come out nor speak out, what are you to do, sir, you inquire, during the vacation. i should hope you gentlemen of the army may find many means of amusing yourselves if you give your minds to it. if you had asked me
stepping hastily forward. “no, ma’am, for my mistress.” but marianne, not convinced, took it instantly up. “it is indeed for mrs. jennings; how provoking!” “you are expecting a letter, then?” said elinor, unable to be longer silent. “yes, a little—not much.” after a short pause. “you have no confidence in me, marianne.” “nay, elinor, this reproach from _you_—you who have confidence in no one!” “me!” returned elinor in some confusion; “indeed, marianne, i have nothing to tell.” “nor i,” answered marianne with energy, “our situations then are alike. we have neither of us any thing to tell; you, because you do not communicate, and i, because i conceal nothing.” elinor, distressed by this charge of reserve in herself, which she was not at liberty to do away, knew not how, under such
at her. “here you expect an explanation from me, sonia; you are sitting and waiting for it, i see that. but what can i tell you? you won’t understand and will only suffer misery... on my account! well, you are crying and embracing me again. why do you do it? because i couldn’t bear my burden and have come to throw it on another: you suffer too, and i shall feel better! and can you love such a mean wretch?” “but aren’t you suffering, too?” cried sonia. again a wave of the same feeling surged into his heart, and again for an instant softened it. “sonia, i have a bad heart, take note of that. it may explain a great deal. i have come because i am bad. there are men who wouldn’t have come. but i am a coward and... a mean wretch. but... never mind! that’s not the point. i must speak now, but
who had given conferences on the history of the waldenses. to reconstruct a past world, doubtless with a view to the highest purposes of truth—what a work to be in any way present at, to assist in, though only as a lamp-holder! this elevating thought lifted her above her annoyance at being twitted with her ignorance of political economy, that never-explained science which was thrust as an extinguisher over all her lights. “but you are fond of riding, miss brooke,” sir james presently took an opportunity of saying. “i should have thought you would enter a little into the pleasures of hunting. i wish you would let me send over a chestnut horse for you to try. it has been trained for a lady. i saw you on saturday cantering over the hill on a nag not worthy of you. my groom shall bring
moor with me, and have drowned the boy, but there was no venturing to trust him. when he was gone, i turned to the boy, whom they called xury, and said to him, “xury, if you will be faithful to me, i’ll make you a great man; but if you will not stroke your face to be true to me”—that is, swear by mahomet and his father’s beard—“i must throw you into the sea too.” the boy smiled in my face, and spoke so innocently that i could not distrust him, and swore to be faithful to me, and go all over the world with me. while i was in view of the moor that was swimming, i stood out directly to sea with the boat, rather stretching to windward, that they might think me gone towards the straits’ mouth (as indeed any one that had been in their wits must have been supposed to do): for who would have
félicité had made a sign to her husband. pierre, surrounded by everybody and anxiously questioned about his pallor, could only escape for a minute. he was just able to whisper in his wife’s ear that he had found pascal and that macquart would leave that night. then lowering his voice still more he told her of his mother’s insanity, and placed his finger on his lips, as if to say: “not a word; that would spoil the whole evening.” félicité bit her lips. they exchanged a look in which they read their common thoughts: so now the old woman would not trouble them any more: the poacher’s hovel would be razed to the ground, as the walls of the fouques’ enclosure had been demolished; and they would for ever enjoy the respect and esteem of plassans. but the guests were looking at the table.
and, from her manners and intelligence, would be thought an european. her name was aouda. left an orphan, she was married against her will to the old rajah of bundelcund; and, knowing the fate that awaited her, she escaped, was retaken, and devoted by the rajah’s relatives, who had an interest in her death, to the sacrifice from which it seemed she could not escape. the parsee’s narrative only confirmed mr. fogg and his companions in their generous design. it was decided that the guide should direct the elephant towards the pagoda of pillaji, which he accordingly approached as quickly as possible. they halted, half an hour afterwards, in a copse, some five hundred feet from the pagoda, where they were well concealed; but they could hear the groans and cries of the fakirs distinctly.
and vigorous constitution of body, when life and active spirits seem to actuate every part. this lively health, when entirely free from all mixture of pain, of itself gives an inward pleasure, independent of all external objects of delight; and though this pleasure does not so powerfully affect us, nor act so strongly on the senses as some of the others, yet it may be esteemed as the greatest of all pleasures; and almost all the utopians reckon it the foundation and basis of all the other joys of life, since this alone makes the state of life easy and desirable, and when this is wanting, a man is really capable of no other pleasure. they look upon freedom from pain, if it does not rise from perfect health, to be a state of stupidity rather than of pleasure. this subject has been
the ‘henrietta’!” “yes; at least the upper part of her. the coal has given out.” “burn my vessel!” cried captain speedy, who could scarcely pronounce the words. “a vessel worth fifty thousand dollars!” “here are sixty thousand,” replied phileas fogg, handing the captain a roll of bank-bills. this had a prodigious effect on andrew speedy. an american can scarcely remain unmoved at the sight of sixty thousand dollars. the captain forgot in an instant his anger, his imprisonment, and all his grudges against his passenger. the “henrietta” was twenty years old; it was a great bargain. the bomb would not go off after all. mr. fogg had taken away the match. “and i shall still have the iron hull,” said the captain in a softer tone. “the iron hull and the engine. is it agreed?” “agreed.” and
command or reproach; but my life hangs on your departure and speedy return. farewell!\s voice had recovered its bland tone, but a dark cloud still hung on his features. i would have delayed; i wished to recommend watchfulness to perdita, but his presence restrained me. i had no pretence for my hesitation; and on his repeating his farewell, i clasped his outstretched hand; it was cold and clammy. take care of yourself, my dear lord, i said. nay, said perdita, that task shall be mine. return speedily, lionel. with an air of absence he was playing with her auburn locks, while she leaned on him; twice i turned back, only to look again on this matchless pair. at last, with slow and heavy steps, i had paced out of the hall, and sprung upon my horse. at that moment clara flew towards
to be the chief-mate. “well, then, my bouton-de-rose-bud, have you seen the white whale?” “_what_ whale?” “the _white_ whale—a sperm whale—moby dick, have ye seen him? “never heard of such a whale. cachalot blanche! white whale—no.” “very good, then; good bye now, and i’ll call again in a minute.” then rapidly pulling back towards the pequod, and seeing ahab leaning over the quarter-deck rail awaiting his report, he moulded his two hands into a trumpet and shouted—“no, sir! no!” upon which ahab retired, and stubb returned to the frenchman. he now perceived that the guernsey-man, who had just got into the chains, and was using a cutting-spade, had slung his nose in a sort of bag. “what’s the matter with your nose, there?” said stubb. “broke it?” “i wish it was broken, or that i didn’t
the vagabonds, because it was his own observation. “i do not know whether it be worth while to tell what followed, for it was very ridiculous; but i shall venture at it, for as it is not foreign to this matter, so some good use may be made of it. there was a jester standing by, that counterfeited the fool so naturally that he seemed to be really one; the jests which he offered were so cold and dull that we laughed more at him than at them, yet sometimes he said, as it were by chance, things that were not unpleasant, so as to justify the old proverb, ‘that he who throws the dice often, will sometimes have a lucky hit.’ when one of the company had said that i had taken care of the thieves, and the cardinal had taken care of the vagabonds, so that there remained nothing but that some public
and for those who are taken with fixed and incurable diseases, they use all possible ways to cherish them and to make their lives as comfortable as possible. they visit them often and take great pains to make their time pass off easily; but when any is taken with a torturing and lingering pain, so that there is no hope either of recovery or ease, the priests and magistrates come and exhort them, that, since they are now unable to go on with the business of life, are become a burden to themselves and to all about them, and they have really out-lived themselves, they should no longer nourish such a rooted distemper, but choose rather to die since they cannot live but in much misery; being assured that if they thus deliver themselves from torture, or are willing that others should do it,
the prison-door, we shall not take upon us to determine. finding it so directly on the threshold of our narrative, which is now about to issue from that inauspicious portal, we could hardly do otherwise than pluck one of its flowers, and present it to the reader. it may serve, let us hope, to symbolise some sweet moral blossom that may be found along the track, or relieve the darkening close of a tale of human frailty and sorrow. ii. the market-place the grass-plot before the jail, in prison lane, on a certain summer morning, not less than two centuries ago, was occupied by a pretty large number of the inhabitants of boston, all with their eyes intently fastened on the iron-clamped oaken door. amongst any other population, or at a later period in the history of new england, the grim
believe you will be cunning enough to find him to-morrow at the alehouse.” and now, having dismissed the sagacious partridge, mr jones sat himself down to write, in which employment we shall leave him for a time. and here we put an end to the fifteenth book. book xvi. containing the space of five days. . of prologues. i have heard of a dramatic writer who used to say, he would rather write a play than a prologue; in like manner, i think, i can with less pains write one of the books of this history than the prefatory each of them. to say the truth, i believe many a hearty curse hath been devoted on the head of that author who first instituted the method of prefixing to his play that portion of matter which is called the prologue; and which at first was part of the piece itself, but of lat
and “dream castles” and “love’s delights.” whatever else they were called, they were sure to be called “union headquarters,” and to hold out a welcome to workingmen; and there was always a warm stove, and a chair near it, and some friends to laugh and talk with. there was only one condition attached,—you must drink. if you went in not intending to drink, you would be put out in no time, and if you were slow about going, like as not you would get your head split open with a beer bottle in the bargain. but all of the men understood the convention and drank; they believed that by it they were getting something for nothing—for they did not need to take more than one drink, and upon the strength of it they might fill themselves up with a good hot dinner. this did not always work out
and lydia, their characters suffered no revolution from the marriage of her sisters. he bore with philosophy the conviction that elizabeth must now become acquainted with whatever of his ingratitude and falsehood had before been unknown to her; and in spite of every thing, was not wholly without hope that darcy might yet be prevailed on to make his fortune. the congratulatory letter which elizabeth received from lydia on her marriage, explained to her that, by his wife at least, if not by himself, such a hope was cherished. the letter was to this effect: “my dear lizzy, “i wish you joy. if you love mr. darcy half as well as i do my dear wickham, you must be very happy. it is a great comfort to have you so rich, and when you have nothing else to do, i hope you will think of us. i am
specially interposed to prevent the water from drowning her prostrate husband; and although she was secretly blaming her husband for having fallen into such drear despair, and denying that he had any excuse for his last rash act, she was inveterate in her abuse of all who could by any possibility be supposed to have driven him to such desperation. the masters--mr. thornton in particular, whose mill had been attacked by boucher, and who, after the warrant had been issued for his apprehension on the charge of rioting, had caused it to be withdrawn,--the union, of which higgins was a representative to the poor woman,--the children so numerous, so hungry, and so noisy--all made up one great army of personal enemies, whose fault it was that she was now a helpless widow. margaret heard enough
very much mistaken if they imagined that he would put himself forward as a needy adventurer trying to win the favor of a rich woman. until now will had never fully seen the chasm between himself and dorothea—until now that he was come to the brink of it, and saw her on the other side. he began, not without some inward rage, to think of going away from the neighborhood: it would be impossible for him to show any further interest in dorothea without subjecting himself to disagreeable imputations—perhaps even in her mind, which others might try to poison. “we are forever divided,” said will. “i might as well be at rome; she would be no farther from me.” but what we call our despair is often only the painful eagerness of unfed hope. there were plenty of reasons why he should not go—public rea
is acknowledged by you, dear lady, and your cousin.” thus the poor sufferer tried to comfort others and herself. she indeed gained the resignation she desired. but i, the true murderer, felt the never-dying worm alive in my bosom, which allowed of no hope or consolation. elizabeth also wept and was unhappy, but hers also was the misery of innocence, which, like a cloud that passes over the fair moon, for a while hides but cannot tarnish its brightness. anguish and despair had penetrated into the core of my heart; i bore a hell within me which nothing could extinguish. we stayed several hours with justine, and it was with great difficulty that elizabeth could tear herself away. “i wish,” cried she, “that i were to die with you; i cannot live in this world of misery.” justine assumed an
hare should be devoured by strong, fierce, and cruel dogs. therefore all this business of hunting is, among the utopians, turned over to their butchers, and those, as has been already said, are all slaves, and they look on hunting as one of the basest parts of a butcher’s work, for they account it both more profitable and more decent to kill those beasts that are more necessary and useful to mankind, whereas the killing and tearing of so small and miserable an animal can only attract the huntsman with a false show of pleasure, from which he can reap but small advantage. they look on the desire of the bloodshed, even of beasts, as a mark of a mind that is already corrupted with cruelty, or that at least, by too frequent returns of so brutal a pleasure, must degenerate into it. “thus
but going up and down at the bottom of the sea, where one is almost certain to meet sharks, is quite another thing! i know well that in certain countries, particularly in the andaman islands, the negroes never hesitate to attack them with a dagger in one hand and a running noose in the other; but i also know that few who affront those creatures ever return alive. however, i am not a negro, and if i were i think a little hesitation in this case would not be ill-timed.\ this moment conseil and the canadian entered, quite composed, and even joyous. they knew not what awaited them. faith, sir, said ned land, your captain nemo--the devil take him!--has just made us a very pleasant offer. ah! said i, you know? if agreeable to you, sir, interrupted conseil, the commander of the
poignant that i asked myself if it would not be better to go to the captain's room, see him face to face, and brave him with look and gesture. it was the inspiration of a madman; fortunately i resisted the desire, and stretched myself on my bed to quiet my bodily agitation. my nerves were somewhat calmer, but in my excited brain i saw over again all my existence on board the nautilus; every incident, either happy or unfortunate, which had happened since my disappearance from the abraham lincoln--the submarine hunt, the torres straits, the savages of papua, the running ashore, the coral cemetery, the passage of suez, the island of santorin, the cretan diver, vigo bay, atlantis, the iceberg, the south pole, the imprisonment in the ice, the fight among the poulps, the storm in the gulf
would not join the dance. would not, could not, would not, could not, would not join the dance. would not, could not, would not, could not, could not join the dance. “what matters it how far we go?” his scaly friend replied. “there is another shore, you know, upon the other side. the further off from england the nearer is to france— then turn not pale, beloved snail, but come and join the dance. will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, will you join the dance? will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, won’t you join the dance?” “thank you, it’s a very interesting dance to watch,” said alice, feeling very glad that it was over at last: “and i do so like that curious song about the whiting!” “oh, as to the whiting,” said the mock turtle, “they—you’ve seen them, of course?” “yes,” said
she run away because we are come? i see her instrument is open.” “she is walking, i believe.” they were now joined by mrs. jennings, who had not patience enough to wait till the door was opened before she told _her_ story. she came hallooing to the window, “how do you do, my dear? how does mrs. dashwood do? and where are your sisters? what! all alone! you will be glad of a little company to sit with you. i have brought my other son and daughter to see you. only think of their coming so suddenly! i thought i heard a carriage last night, while we were drinking our tea, but it never entered my head that it could be them. i thought of nothing but whether it might not be colonel brandon come back again; so i said to sir john, i do think i hear a carriage; perhaps it is colonel brandon come bac
that you should have used such very strong expressions in speaking of wickham to mr. darcy, for now they _do_ appear wholly undeserved.” “certainly. but the misfortune of speaking with bitterness is a most natural consequence of the prejudices i had been encouraging. there is one point on which i want your advice. i want to be told whether i ought, or ought not, to make our acquaintances in general understand wickham’s character.” miss bennet paused a little, and then replied, “surely there can be no occasion for exposing him so dreadfully. what is your opinion?” “that it ought not to be attempted. mr. darcy has not authorised me to make his communication public. on the contrary, every particular relative to his sister was meant to be kept as much as possible to myself; and if i
station with all its consequences. they listened eagerly to his story, and, when he thought he had finished and satisfied his listeners, he found that they considered he had hardly begun. “tell me, tell me! what do you think...? excuse me, i still don’t know your name!” pulcheria alexandrovna put in hastily. “dmitri prokofitch.” “i should like very, very much to know, dmitri prokofitch... how he looks... on things in general now, that is, how can i explain, what are his likes and dislikes? is he always so irritable? tell me, if you can, what are his hopes and, so to say, his dreams? under what influences is he now? in a word, i should like...” “ah, mother, how can he answer all that at once?” observed dounia. “good heavens, i had not expected to find him in the least like this, dmitri
for the fan and the pair of white kid gloves, and she very good-naturedly began hunting about for them, but they were nowhere to be seen—everything seemed to have changed since her swim in the pool, and the great hall, with the glass table and the little door, had vanished completely. very soon the rabbit noticed alice, as she went hunting about, and called out to her in an angry tone, “why, mary ann, what _are_ you doing out here? run home this moment, and fetch me a pair of gloves and a fan! quick, now!” and alice was so much frightened that she ran off at once in the direction it pointed to, without trying to explain the mistake it had made. “he took me for his housemaid,” she said to herself as she ran. “how surprised he’ll be when he finds out who i am! but i’d better take him his
than the clerk. but after all, my dear, it was but seeking for a new service. she had seen you and ada a little while before, and it was natural that you should come into her head. she merely proposed herself for your maid, you know. she did nothing more.\r manner was strange, said i. yes, and her manner was strange when she took her shoes off and showed that cool relish for a walk that might have ended in her death-bed, said my guardian. it would be useless self-distress and torment to reckon up such chances and possibilities. there are very few harmless circumstances that would not seem full of perilous meaning, so considered. be hopeful, little woman. you can be nothing better than yourself; be that, through this knowledge, as you were before you had it. it is the best you can
the magistrate smiled without trying to hide it. “it’s true, your honor!” cried jurgis, passionately. “you had been drinking as well as begging last night, had you not?” inquired the magistrate. “no, your honor—” protested jurgis. “i—” “you had not had anything to drink?” “why, yes, your honor, i had—” “what did you have?” “i had a bottle of something—i don’t know what it was—something that burned—” there was again a laugh round the courtroom, stopping suddenly as the magistrate looked up and frowned. “have you ever been arrested before?” he asked abruptly. the question took jurgis aback. “i—i—” he stammered. “tell me the truth, now!” commanded the other, sternly. “yes, your honor,” said jurgis. “how often?” “only once, your honor.” “what for?” “for knocking down my boss, your honor. i was
me.” “you listen to grandfather!” said verona. “yes, listen to your grandfather!” said mrs. babbitt. “ted, you listen to mr. thompson!” said howard littlefield. “oh, for the love o' mike, i am listening!” ted shouted. “but you look here, all of you! i'm getting sick and tired of being the corpse in this post mortem! if you want to kill somebody, go kill the preacher that married us! why, he stung me five dollars, and all the money i had in the world was six dollars and two bits. i'm getting just about enough of being hollered at!” a new voice, booming, authoritative, dominated the room. it was babbitt. “yuh, there's too darn many putting in their oar! rone, you dry up. howard and i are still pretty strong, and able to do our own cussing. ted, come into the dining-room and we'll talk this
earth--even that village of rural england, where happy infancy and stainless maidenhood seemed yet to be in her mother's keeping, like garments put off long ago--were foreign to her, in comparison. the chain that bound her here was of iron links, and galling to her inmost soul, but could never be broken. it might be, too--doubtless it was so, although she hid the secret from herself, and grew pale whenever it struggled out of her heart, like a serpent from its hole--it might be that another feeling kept her within the scene and pathway that had been so fatal. there dwelt, there trode, the feet of one with whom she deemed herself connected in a union that, unrecognised on earth, would bring them together before the bar of final judgment, and make that their marriage-altar, for a joint fut
tells us to set that wrong right must be obeyed.” “what, my love, is the bearing of your remark?” “that you have been too liberal in arrangements for me—i mean, with regard to property; and that makes me unhappy.” “how so? i have none but comparatively distant connections.” “i have been led to think about your aunt julia, and how she was left in poverty only because she married a poor man, an act which was not disgraceful, since he was not unworthy. it was on that ground, i know, that you educated mr. ladislaw and provided for his mother.” dorothea waited a few moments for some answer that would help her onward. none came, and her next words seemed the more forcible to her, falling clear upon the dark silence. “but surely we should regard his claim as a much greater one, even to the
ing out drummle were to bring him out still more, it perfectly succeeded. in a sulky triumph, drummle showed his morose depreciation of the rest of us, in a more and more offensive degree, until he became downright intolerable. through all his stages, mr. jaggers followed him with the same strange interest. he actually seemed to serve as a zest to mr. jaggers’s wine. in our boyish want of discretion i dare say we took too much to drink, and i know we talked too much. we became particularly hot upon some boorish sneer of drummle’s, to the effect that we were too free with our money. it led to my remarking, with more zeal than discretion, that it came with a bad grace from him, to whom startop had lent money in my presence but a week or so before. “well,” retorted drummle; “he’ll be paid.”
hat nothing can be good enough for her. however, i don’t think her hardly at all handsomer than you, i assure you; for i think you both excessively pretty, and so does mr. palmer too i am sure, though we could not get him to own it last night.” mrs. palmer’s information respecting willoughby was not very material; but any testimony in his favour, however small, was pleasing to her. “i am so glad we are got acquainted at last,” continued charlotte.—“and now i hope we shall always be great friends. you can’t think how much i longed to see you! it is so delightful that you should live at the cottage! nothing can be like it, to be sure! and i am so glad your sister is going to be well married! i hope you will be a great deal at combe magna. it is a sweet place, by all accounts.” “you have been
of this speech convinced my father that my ideas were deranged, and he instantly changed the subject of our conversation and endeavoured to alter the course of my thoughts. he wished as much as possible to obliterate the memory of the scenes that had taken place in ireland and never alluded to them or suffered me to speak of my misfortunes. as time passed away i became more calm; misery had her dwelling in my heart, but i no longer talked in the same incoherent manner of my own crimes; sufficient for me was the consciousness of them. by the utmost self-violence i curbed the imperious voice of wretchedness, which sometimes desired to declare itself to the whole world, and my manners were calmer and more composed than they had ever been since my journey to the sea of ice. a few days
tresses about the temples, and the exquisite face, with red, half-opened mouth, the strange, fixed expression, piteous on the lips and awful in the still open eyes, that seemed to utter that fearful phrase—that he would be sorry for it—that she had said when they were quarreling. and he tried to think of her as she was when he met her the first time, at a railway station too, mysterious, exquisite, loving, seeking and giving happiness, and not cruelly revengeful as he remembered her on that last moment. he tried to recall his best moments with her, but those moments were poisoned forever. he could only think of her as triumphant, successful in her menace of a wholly useless remorse never to be effaced. he lost all consciousness of toothache, and his face worked with sobs. passing twice
and he went off at the front door.” “he’s at the nearest vaults, i’ll be bound,” said the first speaker. “your money would have gone there too, if you’d been such a fool as to lend it.” “catch me! i knew better what his london meant. why, he has never paid me off that five shillings”--and so they went on. and now all margaret’s anxiety was for the train to come. she hid herself once more in the ladies’ waiting-room, and fancied every noise was leonards’ step--every loud and boisterous voice was his. but no one came near her until the train drew up; when she was civilly helped into a carriage by a porter, into whose face she durst not look till they were in motion, and then she saw that it was not leonards’. . peace. “sleep on, my love, in thy cold bed, never to be disquieted! my last good
away this tangle of whirling, mad ideas. “no, i don’t know; it’s not right,” was all she said, with an expression of disgust on her face. “yes, but you mustn’t forget that you and i.... and besides that,” added anna, in spite of the wealth of her arguments and the poverty of dolly’s objections, seeming still to admit that it was not right, “don’t forget the chief point, that i am not now in the same position as you. for you the question is: do you desire not to have any more children; while for me it is: do i desire to have them? and that’s a great difference. you must see that i can’t desire it in my position.” darya alexandrovna made no reply. she suddenly felt that she had got far away from anna; that there lay between them a barrier of questions on which they could never agree, and
v though it was paul who had seemed overwrought, babbitt who had been the protecting big brother, paul became clear-eyed and merry, while babbitt sank into irritability. he uncovered layer on layer of hidden weariness. at first he had played nimble jester to paul and for him sought amusements; by the end of the week paul was nurse, and babbitt accepted favors with the condescension one always shows a patient nurse. the day before their families arrived, the women guests at the hotel bubbled, “oh, isn't it nice! you must be so excited;” and the proprieties compelled babbitt and paul to look excited. but they went to bed early and grumpy. when myra appeared she said at once, “now, we want you boys to go on playing around just as if we weren't here.” the first evening, he stayed out for
the street. he knew, he knew perfectly well that at that moment they were at the flat, that they were greatly astonished at finding it unlocked, as the door had just been fastened, that by now they were looking at the bodies, that before another minute had passed they would guess and completely realise that the murderer had just been there, and had succeeded in hiding somewhere, slipping by them and escaping. they would guess most likely that he had been in the empty flat, while they were going upstairs. and meanwhile he dared not quicken his pace much, though the next turning was still nearly a hundred yards away. “should he slip through some gateway and wait somewhere in an unknown street? no, hopeless! should he fling away the axe? should he take a cab? hopeless, hopeless!” at last
general be allowed: my chief apprehension is, as many true and just sentiments often came from the mouths of these persons, lest the whole should be taken together, and i should be conceived to ridicule all alike. now the reader will be pleased to consider, that, as neither of these men were fools, they could not be supposed to have holden none but wrong principles, and to have uttered nothing but absurdities; what injustice, therefore, must i have done to their characters, had i selected only what was bad! and how horribly wretched and maimed must their arguments have appeared! upon the whole, it is not religion or virtue, but the want of them, which is here exposed. had not thwackum too much neglected virtue, and square, religion, in the composition of their several systems, and had not
and i am sure i should not have the smallest fear of trusting _you;_ indeed, i should be very glad of your advice how to manage in such an uncomfortable situation as i am; but, however, there is no occasion to trouble _you_. i am sorry you do not happen to know mrs. ferrars.” “i am sorry i do _not_,” said elinor, in great astonishment, “if it could be of any use to you to know my opinion of her. but really i never understood that you were at all connected with that family, and therefore i am a little surprised, i confess, at so serious an inquiry into her character.” “i dare say you are, and i am sure i do not at all wonder at it. but if i dared tell you all, you would not be so much surprised. mrs. ferrars is certainly nothing to me at present—but the time _may_ come—how soon it will
thing they feared, was, that from being already so nigh to his mark, he would be enabled to dart his iron before they could completely overtake and pass him. as for derick, he seemed quite confident that this would be the case, and occasionally with a deriding gesture shook his lamp-feeder at the other boats. “the ungracious and ungrateful dog!” cried starbuck; “he mocks and dares me with the very poor-box i filled for him not five minutes ago!”—then in his old intense whisper—“give way, greyhounds! dog to it!” “i tell ye what it is, men”—cried stubb to his crew—“it’s against my religion to get mad; but i’d like to eat that villainous yarman—pull—won’t ye? are ye going to let that rascal beat ye? do ye love brandy? a hogshead of brandy, then, to the best man. come, why don’t some of ye
what you say, that you would not have acted of your own accord and without authority in this matter.----mr blifil then likewise sent you to examine the two fellows at aldersgate?”--“he did, sir.” “well, and what instructions did he then give you? recollect as well as you can, and tell me, as near as possible, the very words he used.”--“why, sir, mr blifil sent me to find out the persons who were eye-witnesses of this fight. he said, he feared they might be tampered with by mr jones, or some of his friends. he said, blood required blood; and that not only all who concealed a murderer, but those who omitted anything in their power to bring him to justice, were sharers in his guilt. he said, he found you was very desirous of having the villain brought to justice, though it was not proper
department of the investigation of criminal causes and sent his name in to porfiry petrovitch, he was surprised at being kept waiting so long: it was at least ten minutes before he was summoned. he had expected that they would pounce upon him. but he stood in the waiting-room, and people, who apparently had nothing to do with him, were continually passing to and fro before him. in the next room which looked like an office, several clerks were sitting writing and obviously they had no notion who or what raskolnikov might be. he looked uneasily and suspiciously about him to see whether there was not some guard, some mysterious watch being kept on him to prevent his escape. but there was nothing of the sort: he saw only the faces of clerks absorbed in petty details, then other people, no one
exclaimed he, “how glad i am to see you! how fortunate that you should be here at the very moment of my alighting!” nothing could equal my delight on seeing clerval; his presence brought back to my thoughts my father, elizabeth, and all those scenes of home so dear to my recollection. i grasped his hand, and in a moment forgot my horror and misfortune; i felt suddenly, and for the first time during many months, calm and serene joy. i welcomed my friend, therefore, in the most cordial manner, and we walked towards my college. clerval continued talking for some time about our mutual friends and his own good fortune in being permitted to come to ingolstadt. “you may easily believe,” said he, “how great was the difficulty to persuade my father that all necessary knowledge was not
the attachment between them led to the ill-fated marriage, of which i was the offspring. notwithstanding the tenderness and sweetness of my mother, her husband still deplored his degraded state. unaccustomed to industry, he knew not in what way to contribute to the support of his increasing family. sometimes he thought of applying to the king; pride and shame for a while withheld him; and, before his necessities became so imperious as to compel him to some kind of exertion, he died. for one brief interval before this catastrophe, he looked forward to the future, and contemplated with anguish the desolate situation in which his wife and children would be left. his last effort was a letter to the king, full of touching eloquence, and of occasional flashes of that brilliant spirit
the charm by a lively scotch air; and soon afterwards mr. darcy, drawing near elizabeth, said to her— “do not you feel a great inclination, miss bennet, to seize such an opportunity of dancing a reel?” she smiled, but made no answer. he repeated the question, with some surprise at her silence. “oh!” said she, “i heard you before; but i could not immediately determine what to say in reply. you wanted me, i know, to say ‘yes,’ that you might have the pleasure of despising my taste; but i always delight in overthrowing those kind of schemes, and cheating a person of their premeditated contempt. i have, therefore, made up my mind to tell you, that i do not want to dance a reel at all—and now despise me if you dare.” “indeed i do not dare.” elizabeth, having rather expected to affront him,
end the wedding at adam's earnest request, under protest against marriage in general and the marriage of a sensible man in particular. nevertheless, mr. poyser had a joke against him after the wedding dinner, to the effect that in the vestry he had given the bride one more kiss than was necessary. behind this last couple came mr. irwine, glad at heart over this good morning's work of joining adam and dinah. for he had seen adam in the worst moments of his sorrow; and what better harvest from that painful seed-time could there be than this? the love that had brought hope and comfort in the hour of despair, the love that had found its way to the dark prison cell and to poor hetty's darker soul--this strong gentle love was to be adam's companion and helper till death. there was much shaking
eye would have fixed on him at once as the village blacksmith, after seeing the humble deference with which the big saucy fellow took off his hat and stroked his hair to the farmers; for chad was accustomed to say that a working-man must hold a candle to a personage understood to be as black as he was himself on weekdays; by which evil-sounding rule of conduct he meant what was, after all, rather virtuous than otherwise, namely, that men who had horses to be shod must be treated with respect. chad and the rougher sort of workmen kept aloof from the grave under the white thorn, where the burial was going forward; but sandy jim, and several of the farm-labourers, made a group round it, and stood with their hats off, as fellow-mourners with the mother and sons. others held a midway
thought it must be a walrus or hippopotamus, but then she remembered how small she was now, and she soon made out that it was only a mouse that had slipped in like herself. “would it be of any use, now,” thought alice, “to speak to this mouse? everything is so out-of-the-way down here, that i should think very likely it can talk: at any rate, there’s no harm in trying.” so she began: “o mouse, do you know the way out of this pool? i am very tired of swimming about here, o mouse!” (alice thought this must be the right way of speaking to a mouse: she had never done such a thing before, but she remembered having seen in her brother’s latin grammar, “a mouse—of a mouse—to a mouse—a mouse—o mouse!”) the mouse looked at her rather inquisitively, and seemed to her to wink with one of its little
during the last two or three days, though still very unequal, were greatly improved—he grew more and more partial to the house and environs—never spoke of going away without a sigh—declared his time to be wholly disengaged—even doubted to what place he should go when he left them—but still, go he must. never had any week passed so quickly—he could hardly believe it to be gone. he said so repeatedly; other things he said too, which marked the turn of his feelings and gave the lie to his actions. he had no pleasure at norland; he detested being in town; but either to norland or london, he must go. he valued their kindness beyond any thing, and his greatest happiness was in being with them. yet, he must leave them at the end of a week, in spite of their wishes and his own, and
necessity that always impelled this child to alloy whatever comfort she might chance to give with a throb of anguish--pearl put up her mouth and kissed the scarlet letter, too. that was not kind! said hester. when thou hast shown me a little love, thou mockest me! why doth the minister sit yonder? asked pearl. he waits to welcome thee, replied her mother. come thou, and entreat his blessing! he loves thee, my little pearl, and loves thy mother, too. wilt thou not love him? come he longs to greet thee! doth he love us? said pearl, looking up with acute intelligence into her mother's face. will he go back with us, hand in hand, we three together, into the town? not now, my child, answered hester. but in days to come he will walk hand in hand with us. we will have a home
“who is she?” “her name is sibyl vane.” “never heard of her.” “no one has. people will some day, however. she is a genius.” “my dear boy, no woman is a genius. women are a decorative sex. they never have anything to say, but they say it charmingly. women represent the triumph of matter over mind, just as men represent the triumph of mind over morals.” “harry, how can you?” “my dear dorian, it is quite true. i am analysing women at present, so i ought to know. the subject is not so abstruse as i thought it was. i find that, ultimately, there are only two kinds of women, the plain and the coloured. the plain women are very useful. if you want to gain a reputation for respectability, you have merely to take them down to supper. the other women are very charming. they commit one mistake,
all the luxurious follies of the period. the ten years which she spent there were filled by a great passion, a public intrigue with a man whose desertion nearly killed her. this time the husband had not been able to keep his ignorance, and after some abominable scenes he resigned himself, disarmed by the quiet unconsciousness of this woman who took her happiness where she found it. it was after the rupture, and when he saw that she was ill with grief, that he had accepted the management of the montsou mines, still hoping also that she would reform down there in that desolate black country. the hennebeaus, since they had lived at montsou, returned to the irritated boredom of their early married days. at first she seemed consoled by the great quiet, soothed by the flat monotony of the
so she tried another question. “what sort of people live about here?” “in _that_ direction,” the cat said, waving its right paw round, “lives a hatter: and in _that_ direction,” waving the other paw, “lives a march hare. visit either you like: they’re both mad.” “but i don’t want to go among mad people,” alice remarked. “oh, you can’t help that,” said the cat: “we’re all mad here. i’m mad. you’re mad.” “how do you know i’m mad?” said alice. “you must be,” said the cat, “or you wouldn’t have come here.” alice didn’t think that proved it at all; however, she went on “and how do you know that you’re mad?” “to begin with,” said the cat, “a dog’s not mad. you grant that?” “i suppose so,” said alice. “well, then,” the cat went on, “you see, a dog growls when it’s angry, and wags its tail
was dozing off, and had just begun to dream that she was walking hand in hand with dinah, and saying to her very earnestly, “now, dinah, tell me the truth: did you ever eat a bat?” when suddenly, thump! thump! down she came upon a heap of sticks and dry leaves, and the fall was over. alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up on to her feet in a moment: she looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her was another long passage, and the white rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down it. there was not a moment to be lost: away went alice like the wind, and was just in time to hear it say, as it turned a corner, “oh my ears and whiskers, how late it’s getting!” she was close behind it when she turned the corner, but the rabbit was no longer to be seen: she found herself in a long,
his daily course of life, even his conversation. she allowed herself one luxury, she saw the newspapers every day, and feasted on the praise and actions of the protector. not that this indulgence was devoid of accompanying grief. perdita's name was for ever joined with his; their conjugal felicity was celebrated even by the authentic testimony of facts. they were continually together, nor could the unfortunate evadne read the monosyllable that designated his name, without, at the same time, being presented with the image of her who was the faithful companion of all his labours and pleasures. they, their excellencies, met her eyes in each line, mingling an evil potion that poisoned her very blood. it was in the newspaper that she saw the advertisement for the design for a national
of their government, utopus having understood that before his coming among them the old inhabitants had been engaged in great quarrels concerning religion, by which they were so divided among themselves, that he found it an easy thing to conquer them, since, instead of uniting their forces against him, every different party in religion fought by themselves. after he had subdued them he made a law that every man might be of what religion he pleased, and might endeavour to draw others to it by the force of argument and by amicable and modest ways, but without bitterness against those of other opinions; but that he ought to use no other force but that of persuasion, and was neither to mix with it reproaches nor violence; and such as did otherwise were to be condemned to banishment
time, this scarcely mattered: i was, so to speak, attenuated—was slipping like a vapour through the interstices of intervening substances! but to come to a stop involved the jamming of myself, molecule by molecule, into whatever lay in my way; meant bringing my atoms into such intimate contact with those of the obstacle that a profound chemical reaction—possibly a far-reaching explosion—would result, and blow myself and my apparatus out of all possible dimensions—into the unknown. this possibility had occurred to me again and again while i was making the machine; but then i had cheerfully accepted it as an unavoidable risk—one of the risks a man has got to take! now the risk was inevitable, i no longer saw it in the same cheerful light. the fact is that, insensibly, the absolute strange
good deal in daniel's english history of france; a great deal in plutarch's lives, the atalantis, pope's homer, dryden's plays, chillingworth, the countess d'aulnois, and locke's human understanding. “during this interval i wrote three very supplicating, and, i thought, moving letters to my aunt; but, as i received no answer to any of them, my disdain would not suffer me to continue my application.” here she stopt, and, looking earnestly at sophia, said, “methinks, my dear, i read something in your eyes which reproaches me of a neglect in another place, where i should have met with a kinder return.” “indeed, dear harriet,” answered sophia, “your story is an apology for any neglect; but, indeed, i feel that i have been guilty of a remissness, without so good an excuse.--yet pray proceed;
seen him. dorian heard him first stopping on the pavement and then hurrying after him. in a few moments, his hand was on his arm. “dorian! what an extraordinary piece of luck! i have been waiting for you in your library ever since nine o’clock. finally i took pity on your tired servant and told him to go to bed, as he let me out. i am off to paris by the midnight train, and i particularly wanted to see you before i left. i thought it was you, or rather your fur coat, as you passed me. but i wasn’t quite sure. didn’t you recognize me?” “in this fog, my dear basil? why, i can’t even recognize grosvenor square. i believe my house is somewhere about here, but i don’t feel at all certain about it. i am sorry you are going away, as i have not seen you for ages. but i suppose you will be back
done is to make another packet like the real one so that if he should ask to see the real one while it's in my possession, you can show him the dummy.\d suppose he detects the dummy as soon as he sees it, which with his biting screw of an eye is about five hundred times more likely than not, suggests tony. then we'll face it out. they don't belong to him, and they never did. you found that, and you placed them in my hands--a legal friend of yours--for security. if he forces us to it, they'll be producible, won't they? ye-es, is mr. weevle's reluctant admission. why, tony, remonstrates his friend, how you look! you don't doubt william guppy? you don't suspect any harm? i don't suspect anything more than i know, william, returns the other gravely. and what do you know? 
all the laws that they can invent have not the power either to obtain or preserve it, or even to enable men certainly to distinguish what is their own from what is another’s, of which the many lawsuits that every day break out, and are eternally depending, give too plain a demonstration—when, i say, i balance all these things in my thoughts, i grow more favourable to plato, and do not wonder that he resolved not to make any laws for such as would not submit to a community of all things; for so wise a man could not but foresee that the setting all upon a level was the only way to make a nation happy; which cannot be obtained so long as there is property, for when every man draws to himself all that he can compass, by one title or another, it must needs follow that, how plentiful soever a
her i'm gone on business as nobody is to know anything about. i'll go and wash myself now.” adam moved towards the door of the workshop, but after a step or two he turned round, and, meeting seth's eyes with a calm sad glance, he said, “i must take all the money out o' the tin box, lad; but if anything happens to me, all the rest ll be thine, to take care o mother with.” seth was pale and trembling: he felt there was some terrible secret under all this. “brother,” he said, faintly--he never called adam “brother” except in solemn moments--“i don't believe you'll do anything as you can't ask god's blessing on.” “nay, lad,” said adam, “don't be afraid. i'm for doing nought but what's a man's duty.” the thought that if he betrayed his trouble to his mother, she would only distress him by
