him, if he had known it, that the general attention was too thoroughly absorbed by ben's dancing for any one to give much heed to the music. have you ever seen a real english rustic perform a solo dance? perhaps you have only seen a ballet rustic, smiling like a merry countryman in crockery, with graceful turns of the haunch and insinuating movements of the head. that is as much like the real thing as the “bird waltz” is like the song of birds. wiry ben never smiled: he looked as serious as a dancing monkey--as serious as if he had been an experimental philosopher ascertaining in his own person the amount of shaking and the varieties of angularity that could be given to the human limbs. to make amends for the abundant laughter in the striped marquee, arthur clapped his hands continually
passionate exclamation, as if some torture screw were threatening him, he started up and said, “it is impossible!” he went and leaned on the back of the chair again, and seemed to be battling with his own anger, while she looked towards him sadly. “it is as fatal as a murder or any other horror that divides people,” he burst out again; “it is more intolerable—to have our life maimed by petty accidents.” “no—don’t say that—your life need not be maimed,” said dorothea, gently. “yes, it must,” said will, angrily. “it is cruel of you to speak in that way—as if there were any comfort. you may see beyond the misery of it, but i don’t. it is unkind—it is throwing back my love for you as if it were a trifle, to speak in that way in the face of the fact. we can never be married.” “some time—we
so vicious a passion from your heart, and your good sense will soon enable you to do it without pain.” the reader may pretty well guess blifil's answer; but, if he should be at a loss, we are not at present at leisure to satisfy him, as our history now hastens on to matters of higher importance, and we can no longer bear to be absent from sophia. . an extraordinary scene between sophia and her aunt. the lowing heifer and the bleating ewe, in herds and flocks, may ramble safe and unregarded through the pastures. these are, indeed, hereafter doomed to be the prey of man; yet many years are they suffered to enjoy their liberty undisturbed. but if a plump doe be discovered to have escaped from the forest, and to repose herself in some field or grove, the whole parish is presently alarmed, eve
intensity, staring at the platform as if nothing else ever had interested him, or ever could interest him, all his life. he imagined the angry exclamations, the hostile glances; he imagined the policeman striding toward him—reaching for his neck. or was he to have one more chance? were they going to let him alone this time? he sat trembling; waiting— and then suddenly came a voice in his ear, a woman’s voice, gentle and sweet, “if you would try to listen, comrade, perhaps you would be interested.” jurgis was more startled by that than he would have been by the touch of a policeman. he still kept his eyes fixed ahead, and did not stir; but his heart gave a great leap. comrade! who was it that called him “comrade”? he waited long, long; and at last, when he was sure that he was no long
tastes are like my own, to approve or amend my plans. how would such a friend repair the faults of your poor brother! i am too ardent in execution and too impatient of difficulties. but it is a still greater evil to me that i am self-educated: for the first fourteen years of my life i ran wild on a common and read nothing but our uncle thomas’ books of voyages. at that age i became acquainted with the celebrated poets of our own country; but it was only when it had ceased to be in my power to derive its most important benefits from such a conviction that i perceived the necessity of becoming acquainted with more languages than that of my native country. now i am twenty-eight and am in reality more illiterate than many schoolboys of fifteen. it is true that i have thought more and that
some kind of primitive honour? no fear can stand up to hunger, no patience can wear it out, disgust simply does not exist where hunger is; and as to superstition, beliefs, and what you may call principles, they are less than chaff in a breeze. don’t you know the devilry of lingering starvation, its exasperating torment, its black thoughts, its sombre and brooding ferocity? well, i do. it takes a man all his inborn strength to fight hunger properly. it’s really easier to face bereavement, dishonour, and the perdition of one’s soul—than this kind of prolonged hunger. sad, but true. and these chaps, too, had no earthly reason for any kind of scruple. restraint! i would just as soon have expected restraint from a hyena prowling amongst the corpses of a battlefield. but there was the fact
the republic as a happy era when he would be allowed to fill his pockets from his neighbour’s cash-box, and even strangle the neighbour if the latter manifested any displeasure. his cafe life and all the newspaper articles he had read without understanding them had made him a terrible ranter who enunciated the strangest of political theories. it is necessary to have heard one of those malcontents who ill digest what they read, haranguing the company in some provincial taproom, in order to conceive the degree of hateful folly at which macquart had arrived. as he talked a good deal, had seen active service, and was naturally regarded as a man of energy and spirit, he was much sought after and listened to by simpletons. although he was not the chief of any party, he had succeeded in
the birds hurried off at once: one old magpie began wrapping itself up very carefully, remarking, “i really must be getting home; the night-air doesn’t suit my throat!” and a canary called out in a trembling voice to its children, “come away, my dears! it’s high time you were all in bed!” on various pretexts they all moved off, and alice was soon left alone. “i wish i hadn’t mentioned dinah!” she said to herself in a melancholy tone. “nobody seems to like her, down here, and i’m sure she’s the best cat in the world! oh, my dear dinah! i wonder if i shall ever see you any more!” and here poor alice began to cry again, for she felt very lonely and low-spirited. in a little while, however, she again heard a little pattering of footsteps in the distance, and she looked up eagerly, half
it would be killing for killing's sake. i know that is a privilege reserved for man, but i do not approve of such murderous pastime. in destroying the southern whale (like the greenland whale, an inoffensive creature), your traders do a culpable action, master land. they have already depopulated the whole of baffin's bay, and are annihilating a class of useful animals. leave the unfortunate cetacea alone. they have plenty of natural enemies--cachalots, swordfish, and sawfish--without you troubling them.\e captain was right. the barbarous and inconsiderate greed of these fishermen will one day cause the disappearance of the last whale in the ocean. ned land whistled yankee-doodle between his teeth, thrust his hands into his pockets, and turned his back upon us. but captain nemo
the valley. a tingling long-lost sense of pleasure often came across me during this journey. some turn in the road, some new object suddenly perceived and recognised, reminded me of days gone by, and were associated with the lighthearted gaiety of boyhood. the very winds whispered in soothing accents, and maternal nature bade me weep no more. then again the kindly influence ceased to act—i found myself fettered again to grief and indulging in all the misery of reflection. then i spurred on my animal, striving so to forget the world, my fears, and more than all, myself—or, in a more desperate fashion, i alighted and threw myself on the grass, weighed down by horror and despair. at length i arrived at the village of chamounix. exhaustion succeeded to the extreme fatigue both of body and
and judgment will make him much consulted by his friends. but i should think he could come on thursday. at any rate, i am sure he will let you know if he cannot.” “a strike!” asked margaret. “what for? what are they going to strike for?” “for the mastership and ownership of other people’s property,” said mrs. thornton, with a fierce snort. “that is what they always strike for. if my son’s work-people strike, i will only say they are a pack of ungrateful hounds. but i have no doubt they will.” “they are wanting higher wages, i suppose?” asked mr. hale. “that is the face of the thing. but the truth is, they want to be masters, and make the masters into slaves on their own ground. they are always trying at it; they always have it in their minds; and every five or six years, there comes a
really so, sir? it is, man. look, put thy live leg here in the place where mine once was; so, now, here is only one distinct leg to the eye, yet two to the soul. where thou feelest tingling life; there, exactly there, there to a hair, do i. is’t a riddle? i should humbly call it a poser, sir. hist, then. how dost thou know that some entire, living, thinking thing may not be invisibly and uninterpenetratingly standing precisely where thou now standest; aye, and standing there in thy spite? in thy most solitary hours, then, dost thou not fear eavesdroppers? hold, don’t speak! and if i still feel the smart of my crushed leg, though it be now so long dissolved; then, why mayst not thou, carpenter, feel the fiery pains of hell for ever, and without a body? hah! good lord! truly, sir, if it
many who delight themselves with the fancy of their nobility, and are pleased with this conceit—that they are descended from ancestors who have been held for some successions rich, and who have had great possessions; for this is all that makes nobility at present. yet they do not think themselves a whit the less noble, though their immediate parents have left none of this wealth to them, or though they themselves have squandered it away. the utopians have no better opinion of those who are much taken with gems and precious stones, and who account it a degree of happiness next to a divine one if they can purchase one that is very extraordinary, especially if it be of that sort of stones that is then in greatest request, for the same sort is not at all times universally of the same
\u must take heed to instruction, that so, in due season, thou mayest wear in thy bosom the pearl of great price. canst thou tell me, my child, who made thee?\w pearl knew well enough who made her, for hester prynne, the daughter of a pious home, very soon after her talk with the child about her heavenly father, had begun to inform her of those truths which the human spirit, at whatever stage of immaturity, imbibes with such eager interest. pearl, therefore--so large were the attainments of her three years' lifetime--could have borne a fair examination in the new england primer, or the first column of the westminster catechisms, although unacquainted with the outward form of either of those celebrated works. but that perversity, which all children have more or less of, and of
old on all hands, it's the system. i mustn't look to individuals. it's the system. i mustn't go into court and say, my lord, i beg to know this from you--is this right or wrong? have you the face to tell me i have received justice and therefore am dismissed? my lord knows nothing of it. he sits there to administer the system. i mustn't go to mr. tulkinghorn, the solicitor in lincoln's inn fields, and say to him when he makes me furious by being so cool and satisfied--as they all do, for i know they gain by it while i lose, don't i?--i mustn't say to him, i will have something out of some one for my ruin, by fair means or foul! he is not responsible. it's the system. but, if i do no violence to any of them, here--i may! i don't know what may happen if i am carried beyond myself at
set off for the coach-office with startop, who volunteered his company, to make inquiry when the next coach went down. finding that the afternoon coach was gone, and finding that his uneasiness grew into positive alarm, as obstacles came in his way, he resolved to follow in a post-chaise. so he and startop arrived at the blue boar, fully expecting there to find me, or tidings of me; but, finding neither, went on to miss havisham’s, where they lost me. hereupon they went back to the hotel (doubtless at about the time when i was hearing the popular local version of my own story) to refresh themselves and to get some one to guide them out upon the marshes. among the loungers under the boar’s archway happened to be trabb’s boy,—true to his ancient habit of happening to be everywhere where
and went on till they looked bored, then irritated, then as doubtful as gunch. ii he thought of tanis always. with a stir he remembered her every aspect. his arms yearned for her. “i've found her! i've dreamed of her all these years and now i've found her!” he exulted. he met her at the movies in the morning; he drove out to her flat in the late afternoon or on evenings when he was believed to be at the elks. he knew her financial affairs and advised her about them, while she lamented her feminine ignorance, and praised his masterfulness, and proved to know much more about bonds than he did. they had remembrances, and laughter over old times. once they quarreled, and he raged that she was as “bossy” as his wife and far more whining when he was inattentive. but that passed
of surprise, mrs. bennet answered instantly, “oh dear!—yes—certainly. i am sure lizzy will be very happy—i am sure she can have no objection. come, kitty, i want you up stairs.” and, gathering her work together, she was hastening away, when elizabeth called out: “dear madam, do not go. i beg you will not go. mr. collins must excuse me. he can have nothing to say to me that anybody need not hear. i am going away myself.” “no, no, nonsense, lizzy. i desire you to stay where you are.” and upon elizabeth’s seeming really, with vexed and embarrassed looks, about to escape, she added: “lizzy, i _insist_ upon your staying and hearing mr. collins.” elizabeth would not oppose such an injunction—and a moment’s consideration making her also sensible that it would be wisest to get it over as soon and
that i had a tolerable view of subsisting, without any want, as long as i lived; for i considered from the beginning how i would provide for the accidents that might happen, and for the time that was to come, even not only after my ammunition should be spent, but even after my health and strength should decay. i confess i had not entertained any notion of my ammunition being destroyed at one blast—i mean my powder being blown up by lightning; and this made the thoughts of it so surprising to me, when it lightened and thundered, as i observed just now. and now being about to enter into a melancholy relation of a scene of silent life, such, perhaps, as was never heard of in the world before, i shall take it from its beginning, and continue it in its order. it was by my account the 30th of
by sophia, who was not only disappointed of seeing the man she loved, but had the vexation of being obliged to dress herself out, in order to receive a visit from the man she hated. that afternoon mr western, for the first time, acquainted his daughter with his intention; telling her, he knew very well that she had heard it before from her aunt. sophia looked very grave upon this, nor could she prevent a few pearls from stealing into her eyes. “come, come,” says western, “none of your maidenish airs; i know all; i assure you sister hath told me all.” “is it possible,” says sophia, “that my aunt can have betrayed me already?”--“ay, ay,” says western; “betrayed you! ay. why, you betrayed yourself yesterday at dinner. you showed your fancy very plainly, i think. but you young girls never
alexandrovitch as one admitting of no delay on account of the deplorable condition of the native tribes. in the commission this question had been a ground of contention between several departments. the department hostile to alexey alexandrovitch proved that the condition of the native tribes was exceedingly flourishing, that the proposed reconstruction might be the ruin of their prosperity, and that if there were anything wrong, it arose mainly from the failure on the part of alexey alexandrovitch’s department to carry out the measures prescribed by law. now alexey alexandrovitch intended to demand: first, that a new commission should be formed which should be empowered to investigate the condition of the native tribes on the spot; secondly, if it should appear that the condition of the
astonishment that wickham should marry a girl whom it was impossible he could marry for money; and how lydia could ever have attached him had appeared incomprehensible. but now it was all too natural. for such an attachment as this she might have sufficient charms; and though she did not suppose lydia to be deliberately engaging in an elopement without the intention of marriage, she had no difficulty in believing that neither her virtue nor her understanding would preserve her from falling an easy prey. she had never perceived, while the regiment was in hertfordshire, that lydia had any partiality for him; but she was convinced that lydia wanted only encouragement to attach herself to anybody. sometimes one officer, sometimes another, had been her favourite, as their attentions raised them
sit with the syphogrant above all the rest; next them there is a mixture of old and young, who are so placed that as the young are set near others, so they are mixed with the more ancient; which, they say, was appointed on this account: that the gravity of the old people, and the reverence that is due to them, might restrain the younger from all indecent words and gestures. dishes are not served up to the whole table at first, but the best are first set before the old, whose seats are distinguished from the young, and, after them, all the rest are served alike. the old men distribute to the younger any curious meats that happen to be set before them, if there is not such an abundance of them that the whole company may be served alike. “thus old men are honoured with a particular respect
fly to fight another whale, and go through the whole weary thing again. oh! my friends, but this is man-killing! yet this is life. for hardly have we mortals by long toilings extracted from this world’s vast bulk its small but valuable sperm; and then, with weary patience, cleansed ourselves from its defilements, and learned to live here in clean tabernacles of the soul; hardly is this done, when—_there she blows!_—the ghost is spouted up, and away we sail to fight some other world, and go through young life’s old routine again. oh! the metempsychosis! oh! pythagoras, that in bright greece, two thousand years ago, did die, so good, so wise, so mild; i sailed with thee along the peruvian coast last voyage—and, foolish as i am, taught thee, a green simple boy, how to splice a rope! . the
i almost think i can remember feeling a little different. but if i’m not the same, the next question is, who in the world am i? ah, _that’s_ the great puzzle!” and she began thinking over all the children she knew that were of the same age as herself, to see if she could have been changed for any of them. “i’m sure i’m not ada,” she said, “for her hair goes in such long ringlets, and mine doesn’t go in ringlets at all; and i’m sure i can’t be mabel, for i know all sorts of things, and she, oh! she knows such a very little! besides, _she’s_ she, and _i’m_ i, and—oh dear, how puzzling it all is! i’ll try if i know all the things i used to know. let me see: four times five is twelve, and four times six is thirteen, and four times seven is—oh dear! i shall never get to twenty at that
in a single instance, he had so fearfully transgressed one of the most sacred of them. but this had been a sin of passion, not of principle, nor even purpose. since that wretched epoch, he had watched with morbid zeal and minuteness, not his acts--for those it was easy to arrange--but each breath of emotion, and his every thought. at the head of the social system, as the clergymen of that day stood, he was only the more trammelled by its regulations, its principles, and even its prejudices. as a priest, the framework of his order inevitably hemmed him in. as a man who had once sinned, but who kept his conscience all alive and painfully sensitive by the fretting of an unhealed wound, he might have been supposed safer within the line of virtue than if he had never sinned at all. thus
“thrown open”—what kind of sermon _he_ would have given them. after favouring them with some heads of that discourse, he remarked that he considered the subject of the day’s homily, ill chosen; which was the less excusable, he added, when there were so many subjects “going about.” “true again,” said uncle pumblechook. “you’ve hit it, sir! plenty of subjects going about, for them that know how to put salt upon their tails. that’s what’s wanted. a man needn’t go far to find a subject, if he’s ready with his salt-box.” mr. pumblechook added, after a short interval of reflection, “look at pork alone. there’s a subject! if you want a subject, look at pork!” “true, sir. many a moral for the young,” returned mr. wopsle,—and i knew he was going to lug me in, before he said it; “might be deduced
not be for society, as he frequently sat there ten minutes together without opening his lips; and when he did speak, it seemed the effect of necessity rather than of choice—a sacrifice to propriety, not a pleasure to himself. he seldom appeared really animated. mrs. collins knew not what to make of him. colonel fitzwilliam’s occasionally laughing at his stupidity, proved that he was generally different, which her own knowledge of him could not have told her; and as she would liked to have believed this change the effect of love, and the object of that love her friend eliza, she set herself seriously to work to find it out. she watched him whenever they were at rosings, and whenever he came to hunsford; but without much success. he certainly looked at her friend a great deal, but the
you would like to believe. never mind. i’ll carry my ideas out yet—i will return. i’ll show you what can be done. you with your little peddling notions—you are interfering with me. i will return. i....’ “the manager came out. he did me the honour to take me under the arm and lead me aside. ‘he is very low, very low,’ he said. he considered it necessary to sigh, but neglected to be consistently sorrowful. ‘we have done all we could for him—haven’t we? but there is no disguising the fact, mr. kurtz has done more harm than good to the company. he did not see the time was not ripe for vigorous action. cautiously, cautiously—that’s my principle. we must be cautious yet. the district is closed to us for a time. deplorable! upon the whole, the trade will suffer. i don’t deny there is a
have in hiding down the river, is estella’s father.” . what purpose i had in view when i was hot on tracing out and proving estella’s parentage, i cannot say. it will presently be seen that the question was not before me in a distinct shape until it was put before me by a wiser head than my own. but when herbert and i had held our momentous conversation, i was seized with a feverish conviction that i ought to hunt the matter down,—that i ought not to let it rest, but that i ought to see mr. jaggers, and come at the bare truth. i really do not know whether i felt that i did this for estella’s sake, or whether i was glad to transfer to the man in whose preservation i was so much concerned some rays of the romantic interest that had so long surrounded me. perhaps the latter possibility may
you see them?\s, i see a big man and two small ones behind. haven't they ugly faces? not at all; they are very nice. suddenly m. hennebeau left his chair, saying the coffee was too hot and he would drink it afterwards. as he went out he put a finger to his lips to recommend prudence. they all sat down again and remained at table in silence, no longer daring to move, listening from afar with intent ears jarred by these coarse male voices. the previous day, at a meeting held at rasseneur's, étienne and some comrades had chosen the delegates who were to proceed on the following day to the manager's house. when, in the evening, maheude learnt that her man was one of them, she was in despair, and asked him if he wanted them to be thrown on the street. maheu himself had agreed with
of mind, pride will be always under good regulation.” elizabeth turned away to hide a smile. “your examination of mr. darcy is over, i presume,” said miss bingley; “and pray what is the result?” “i am perfectly convinced by it that mr. darcy has no defect. he owns it himself without disguise.” “no,” said darcy, “i have made no such pretension. i have faults enough, but they are not, i hope, of understanding. my temper i dare not vouch for. it is, i believe, too little yielding—certainly too little for the convenience of the world. i cannot forget the follies and vices of others so soon as i ought, nor their offenses against myself. my feelings are not puffed about with every attempt to move them. my temper would perhaps be called resentful. my good opinion once lost, is lost
i know that and nothing more. it’s the same goal!” she looked at him and understood nothing. she knew only that he was terribly, infinitely unhappy. “no one of them will understand, if you tell them, but i have understood. i need you, that is why i have come to you.” “i don’t understand,” whispered sonia. “you’ll understand later. haven’t you done the same? you, too, have transgressed... have had the strength to transgress. you have laid hands on yourself, you have destroyed a life... _your own_ (it’s all the same!). you might have lived in spirit and understanding, but you’ll end in the hay market.... but you won’t be able to stand it, and if you remain alone you’ll go out of your mind like me. you are like a mad creature already. so we must go together on the same road! let us go!”
good in the country. there are no temptations there. that is the reason why people who live out of town are so absolutely uncivilized. civilization is not by any means an easy thing to attain to. there are only two ways by which man can reach it. one is by being cultured, the other by being corrupt. country people have no opportunity of being either, so they stagnate.” “culture and corruption,” echoed dorian. “i have known something of both. it seems terrible to me now that they should ever be found together. for i have a new ideal, harry. i am going to alter. i think i have altered.” “you have not yet told me what your good action was. or did you say you had done more than one?” asked his companion as he spilled into his plate a little crimson pyramid of seeded strawberries and, through
first wish was aggrandisement; and the means that led towards this end were secondary considerations. haughty, yet trembling to every demonstration of respect; ambitious, but too proud to shew his ambition; willing to achieve honour, yet a votary of pleasure,-- he entered upon life. he was met on the threshold by some insult, real or imaginary; some repulse, where he least expected it; some disappointment, hard for his pride to bear. he writhed beneath an injury he was unable to revenge; and he quitted england with a vow not to return, till the good time should arrive, when she might feel the power of him she now despised. he became an adventurer in the greek wars. his reckless courage and comprehensive genius brought him into notice. he became the darling hero of this rising people. his
of leagues and treaties. we know how religiously they are observed in europe, more particularly where the christian doctrine is received, among whom they are sacred and inviolable! which is partly owing to the justice and goodness of the princes themselves, and partly to the reverence they pay to the popes, who, as they are the most religious observers of their own promises, so they exhort all other princes to perform theirs, and, when fainter methods do not prevail, they compel them to it by the severity of the pastoral censure, and think that it would be the most indecent thing possible if men who are particularly distinguished by the title of ‘the faithful’ should not religiously keep the faith of their treaties. but in that new-found world, which is not more distant from us
that was cast away in the sight of my island, as i now called it; and who, after the ship was struck on the rock, and they saw her inevitably lost, had saved themselves in their boat, and were landed upon that wild shore among the savages. upon this i inquired of him more critically what was become of them. he assured me they lived still there; that they had been there about four years; that the savages left them alone, and gave them victuals to live on. i asked him how it came to pass they did not kill them and eat them. he said, “no, they make brother with them;” that is, as i understood him, a truce; and then he added, “they no eat mans but when make the war fight;” that is to say, they never eat any men but such as come to fight with them and are taken in battle. it was after this
far from that happiness that is enjoyed among the utopians; for the use as well as the desire of money being extinguished, much anxiety and great occasions of mischief is cut off with it, and who does not see that the frauds, thefts, robberies, quarrels, tumults, contentions, seditions, murders, treacheries, and witchcrafts, which are, indeed, rather punished than restrained by the severities of law, would all fall off, if money were not any more valued by the world? men’s fears, solicitudes, cares, labours, and watchings would all perish in the same moment with the value of money; even poverty itself, for the relief of which money seems most necessary, would fall. but, in order to the apprehending this aright, take one instance:— “consider any year, that has been so unfruitful that many
hose whom she had served so zealously. meeting them in the street, she never raised her head to receive their greeting. if they were resolute to accost her, she laid her finger on the scarlet letter, and passed on. this might be pride, but was so like humility, that it produced all the softening influence of the latter quality on the public mind. the public is despotic in its temper; it is capable of denying common justice when too strenuously demanded as a right; but quite as frequently it awards more than justice, when the appeal is made, as despots love to have it made, entirely to its generosity. interpreting hester prynne's deportment as an appeal of this nature, society was inclined to show its former victim a more benign countenance than she cared to be favoured with, or,
smok--” “yes you--at the same time, if i can't get what i like, why, i can do without it. i don't mind sitting down to burnt steak, with canned peaches and store cake for a thrilling little dessert afterwards, but i do draw the line at having to sympathize with zilla because she's so rotten bad-tempered that the cook has quit, and she's been so busy sitting in a dirty lace negligee all afternoon, reading about some brave manly western hero, that she hasn't had time to do any cooking. you're always talking about morals --meaning monogamy, i suppose. you've been the rock of ages to me, all right, but you're essentially a simp. you--” “where d' you get that simp, little man? let me tell you--” “--love to look earnest and inform the world that it's the duty of responsible business men to
return to sweet idris and dearest adrian; return, and let my orphan girl be as a child of your own in your house. look on me as dead; and truly if death be a mere change of state, i am dead. this is another world, from that which late i inhabited, from that which is now your home. here i hold communion only with the has been, and to come. go you to england, and leave me where alone i can consent to drag out the miserable days which i must still live.\shower of tears terminated her sad harangue. i had expected some extravagant proposition, and remained silent awhile, collecting my thoughts that i might the better combat her fanciful scheme. you cherish dreary thoughts, my dear perdita, i said, nor do i wonder that for a time your better reason should be influenced by
of sheet-lead; but this last was so heavy, i could not hoist it up to get it over the ship’s side. besides these things, i took all the men’s clothes that i could find, and a spare fore-topsail, a hammock, and some bedding; and with this i loaded my second raft, and brought them all safe on shore, to my very great comfort. i was under some apprehension, during my absence from the land, that at least my provisions might be devoured on shore: but when i came back i found no sign of any visitor; only there sat a creature like a wild cat upon one of the chests, which, when i came towards it, ran away a little distance, and then stood still. she sat very composed and unconcerned, and looked full in my face, as if she had a mind to be acquainted with me. i presented my gun at her, but, as she
folks doesna like the young uns,” said old martin, bending his head down lower, and seeming to trace the pattern of the quarries with his eye. “aye, it's ill livin' in a hen-roost for them as doesn't like fleas,” said mrs. poyser. “we've all had our turn at bein' young, i reckon, be't good luck or ill.” “but she must learn to commodate herself to young women,” said mr. poyser, “for it isn t to be counted on as adam and seth ull keep bachelors for the next ten year to please their mother. that  ud be unreasonable. it isn't right for old nor young nayther to make a bargain all o' their own side. what's good for one's good all round i' the long run. i'm no friend to young fellows a-marrying afore they know the difference atween a crab an' a apple; but they may wait o'er long.” “to be sure
it. but then, when he turned from life itself to glance at it again, it fell away too, and proved to be the same muslin garment with no warmth in it. his brother sergey ivanovitch advised him to read the theological works of homiakov. levin read the second volume of homiakov’s works, and in spite of the elegant, epigrammatic, argumentative style which at first repelled him, he was impressed by the doctrine of the church he found in them. he was struck at first by the idea that the apprehension of divine truths had not been vouchsafed to man, but to a corporation of men bound together by love—to the church. what delighted him was the thought how much easier it was to believe in a still existing living church, embracing all the beliefs of men, and having god at its head, and therefore holy
just before inserted; since the poor wife may, on these occasions, be so justly compared to a hunted hare. like that little wretched animal, she pricks up her ears to listen after the voice of her pursuer; like her, flies away trembling when she hears it; and, like her, is generally overtaken and destroyed in the end. this was not however the case at present; for after a long fruitless search, mr fitzpatrick returned to the kitchen, where, as if this had been a real chace, entered a gentleman hallowing as hunters do when the hounds are at a fault. he was just alighted from his horse, and had many attendants at his heels. here, reader, it may be necessary to acquaint thee with some matters, which, if thou dost know already, thou art wiser than i take thee to be. and this information thou
about the well, and again i failed. so presently i left them, meaning to go back to weena, and see what i could get from her. but my mind was already in revolution; my guesses and impressions were slipping and sliding to a new adjustment. i had now a clue to the import of these wells, to the ventilating towers, to the mystery of the ghosts; to say nothing of a hint at the meaning of the bronze gates and the fate of the time machine! and very vaguely there came a suggestion towards the solution of the economic problem that had puzzled me. “here was the new view. plainly, this second species of man was subterranean. there were three circumstances in particular which made me think that its rare emergence above ground was the outcome of a long-continued underground habit. in the first place,
bucket, returning, and it's all right. now, mr. snagsby, we're ready for you. first, jo has to complete his errand of good nature by handing over the physic he has been to get, which he delivers with the laconic verbal direction that it's to be all took d'rectly. secondly, mr. snagsby has to lay upon the table half a crown, his usual panacea for an immense variety of afflictions. thirdly, mr. bucket has to take jo by the arm a little above the elbow and walk him on before him, without which observance neither the tough subject nor any other subject could be professionally conducted to lincoln's inn fields. these arrangements completed, they give the women good night and come out once more into black and foul tom-all-alone's. by the noisome ways through which they descended into that
atter had resumed his sorting in a feverish manner, as though he were very busy. “listen to me, monsieur vuillet,” she said to him. and when he raised his head: “let us play our cards openly; you do wrong to betray us; some misfortune may befall you. if, instead of unsealing our letters—” at this he protested, and feigned great indignation. but she calmly continued: “i know, i know your school, you never confess. come, don’t let us waste any more words, what interest have you in favouring the coup d’état?” and, as he continued to assert his perfect honesty, she at last lost patience. “you take me for a fool!” she cried. “i’ve read your article. you would do much better to act in concert with us.” thereupon, without avowing anything, he flatly submitted that he wished to have the custom of
love. “i have long meant to tell you this,” she went on, looking resolutely into his eyes, and hot all over from the burning flush on her cheeks. “i’ve come on purpose this evening, knowing i should meet you. i have come to tell you that this must end. i have never blushed before anyone, and you force me to feel to blame for something.” he looked at her and was struck by a new spiritual beauty in her face. “what do you wish of me?” he said simply and seriously. “i want you to go to moscow and ask for kitty’s forgiveness,” she said. “you don’t wish that?” he said. he saw she was saying what she forced herself to say, not what she wanted to say. “if you love me, as you say,” she whispered, “do so that i may be at peace.” his face grew radiant. “don’t you know that you’re all my life to
voyage, in order that a careful selection of the stoutest, clearest-grained stuff might be secured. this done, the carpenter received orders to have the leg completed that night; and to provide all the fittings for it, independent of those pertaining to the distrusted one in use. moreover, the ship’s forge was ordered to be hoisted out of its temporary idleness in the hold; and, to accelerate the affair, the blacksmith was commanded to proceed at once to the forging of whatever iron contrivances might be needed. . the carpenter. seat thyself sultanically among the moons of saturn, and take high abstracted man alone; and he seems a wonder, a grandeur, and a woe. but from the same point, take mankind in mass, and for the most part, they seem a mob of unnecessary duplicates, both
and most destructive. first she looked at him for some moments. “you have not got them!” she repeated several times. “you have not got them! i ought to have spared myself this last shame. you never loved me. you are no better than the others.” she was betraying, ruining herself. rodolphe interrupted her, declaring he was “hard up” himself. “ah! i pity you,” said emma. “yes--very much.” and fixing her eyes upon an embossed carabine, that shone against its panoply, “but when one is so poor one doesn’t have silver on the butt of one’s gun. one doesn’t buy a clock inlaid with tortoise shell,” she went on, pointing to a buhl timepiece, “nor silver-gilt whistles for one’s whips,” and she touched them, “nor charms for one’s watch. oh, he wants for nothing! even to a liqueur-stand in his
were in custody and under sentence of execution. then the queen left off, quite out of breath, and said to alice, “have you seen the mock turtle yet?” “no,” said alice. “i don’t even know what a mock turtle is.” “it’s the thing mock turtle soup is made from,” said the queen. “i never saw one, or heard of one,” said alice. “come on, then,” said the queen, “and he shall tell you his history,” as they walked off together, alice heard the king say in a low voice, to the company generally, “you are all pardoned.” “come, _that’s_ a good thing!” she said to herself, for she had felt quite unhappy at the number of executions the queen had ordered. they very soon came upon a gryphon, lying fast asleep in the sun. (if you don’t know what a gryphon is, look at the picture.) “up, lazy thing!” said
would have got on infinitely better if she had not had such a mechanical way of taking possession of people. the children sulked and stared; the family took no notice of us whatever, except when the young man made the dog bark, which he usually did when mrs. pardiggle was most emphatic. we both felt painfully sensible that between us and these people there was an iron barrier which could not be removed by our new friend. by whom or how it could be removed, we did not know, but we knew that. even what she read and said seemed to us to be ill-chosen for such auditors, if it had been imparted ever so modestly and with ever so much tact. as to the little book to which the man on the floor had referred, we acquired a knowledge of it afterwards, and mr. jarndyce said he doubted if robinson
was complete abstention, general panic among the functionaries. if only all regular administration should disappear, and they could dispose of the destinies of plassans for a single day, their fortune would be firmly established. happily for them, there was not a man in the government service whose convictions were so firm or whose circumstances were so needy as to make him disposed to risk the game. the sub-prefect was a man of liberal spirit whom the executive had forgetfully left at plassans, owing, no doubt, to the good repute of the town. of timid character and incapable of exceeding his authority, he would no doubt be greatly embarrassed in the presence of an insurrection. the rougons, who knew that he was in favour of the democratic cause, and who consequently never dreaded his
it was that, in my being brought low, he saw the finger of providence. he knowed that finger when he saw joseph, and he saw it plain. it pinted out this writing, joseph. _reward of ingratitoode to his earliest benefactor, and founder of fortun’s_. but that man said he did not repent of what he had done, joseph. not at all. it was right to do it, it was kind to do it, it was benevolent to do it, and he would do it again.’” “it’s pity,” said i, scornfully, as i finished my interrupted breakfast, “that the man did not say what he had done and would do again.” “squires of the boar!” pumblechook was now addressing the landlord, “and william! i have no objections to your mentioning, either up town or down town, if such should be your wishes, that it was right to do it, kind to do it, ben
an unseen support. after speaking to the jailer, the magistrate turned to her and said, “the turnkey will take you to the prisoner's cell and leave you there for the night, if you desire it, but you can't have a light during the night--it is contrary to rules. my name is colonel townley: if i can help you in anything, ask the jailer for my address and come to me. i take some interest in this hetty sorrel, for the sake of that fine fellow, adam bede. i happened to see him at hayslope the same evening i heard you preach, and recognized him in court to-day, ill as he looked.” “ah, sir, can you tell me anything about him? can you tell me where he lodges? for my poor uncle was too much weighed down with trouble to remember.” “close by here. i inquired all about him of mr. irwine. he lodges
her half glance of hope was misery; the words died before i could articulate them; i felt a ghastly smile wrinkle my lips. she understood my gesture; again her head fell; again her fingers worked restlessly. at last i recovered speech, but my voice terrified her; the hapless girl had understood my look, and for worlds she would not that the tale of her heavy misery should have been shaped out and confirmed by hard, irrevocable words. nay, she seemed to wish to distract my thoughts from the subject: she rose from the floor: hush! she said, whisperingly; after much weeping, clara sleeps; we must not disturb her. she seated herself then on the same ottoman where i had left her in the morning resting on the beating heart of her raymond; i dared not approach her, but sat at a distant
him and herself. on being made acquainted with the present mr. darcy’s treatment of him, she tried to remember some of that gentleman’s reputed disposition when quite a lad which might agree with it, and was confident at last that she recollected having heard mr. fitzwilliam darcy formerly spoken of as a very proud, ill-natured boy. mrs. gardiner’s caution to elizabeth was punctually and kindly given on the first favourable opportunity of speaking to her alone; after honestly telling her what she thought, she thus went on: “you are too sensible a girl, lizzy, to fall in love merely because you are warned against it; and, therefore, i am not afraid of speaking openly. seriously, i would have you be on your guard. do not involve yourself or endeavour to involve him in an affection which
in spite of his excess in pleasure he looked as fresh as a big glossy green dutch cucumber. the prince had traveled a great deal, and considered one of the chief advantages of modern facilities of communication was the accessibility of the pleasures of all nations. he had been in spain, and there had indulged in serenades and had made friends with a spanish girl who played the mandolin. in switzerland he had killed chamois. in england he had galloped in a red coat over hedges and killed two hundred pheasants for a bet. in turkey he had got into a harem; in india he had hunted on an elephant, and now in russia he wished to taste all the specially russian forms of pleasure. vronsky, who was, as it were, chief master of the ceremonies to him, was at great pains to arrange all the russian
and as often i asked about captain ahab, and how he was, and when he was going to come on board his ship. to these questions they would answer, that he was getting better and better, and was expected aboard every day; meantime, the two captains, peleg and bildad, could attend to everything necessary to fit the vessel for the voyage. if i had been downright honest with myself, i would have seen very plainly in my heart that i did but half fancy being committed this way to so long a voyage, without once laying my eyes on the man who was to be the absolute dictator of it, so soon as the ship sailed out upon the open sea. but when a man suspects any wrong, it sometimes happens that if he be already involved in the matter, he insensibly strives to cover up his suspicions even from himself.
to induce us to prolong our journey as far north as perth, where he resided. clerval eagerly desired to accept this invitation, and i, although i abhorred society, wished to view again mountains and streams and all the wondrous works with which nature adorns her chosen dwelling-places. we had arrived in england at the beginning of october, and it was now february. we accordingly determined to commence our journey towards the north at the expiration of another month. in this expedition we did not intend to follow the great road to edinburgh, but to visit windsor, oxford, matlock, and the cumberland lakes, resolving to arrive at the completion of this tour about the end of july. i packed up my chemical instruments and the materials i had collected, resolving to finish my labours in some
observing a change in will’s face, he avoided any further mention of her, feeling himself too ignorant of their relation to each other not to fear that his words might have some hidden painful bearing on it. and it occurred to him that dorothea was the real cause of the present visit to middlemarch. the two men were pitying each other, but it was only will who guessed the extent of his companion’s trouble. when lydgate spoke with desperate resignation of going to settle in london, and said with a faint smile, “we shall have you again, old fellow,” will felt inexpressibly mournful, and said nothing. rosamond had that morning entreated him to urge this step on lydgate; and it seemed to him as if he were beholding in a magic panorama a future where he himself was sliding into that
not speak, all at once. her father said, “you dislike it very much don’t you, margaret?” then she conquered herself, and said, with a bright strong look on her face: “it is a painful thing, but it must be done, and i will do it as well as ever i can. you must have many painful things to do.” mr. hale shook his head despondingly: he pressed her hand in token of gratitude. margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of crying. to turn her thoughts, she said: “now tell me, papa, what our plans are. you and mamma have some money, independent of the income from the living, have you not? aunt shaw has, i know.” “yes. i suppose we have about a hundred and twenty pounds a year of our own. seventy of that has always gone to frederick, since he has been abroad. i don’t know if he wants it all,”
joshua rigg, who was also sole executor, and who was to take thenceforth the name of featherstone. there was a rustling which seemed like a shudder running round the room. every one stared afresh at mr. rigg, who apparently experienced no surprise. “a most singular testamentary disposition!” exclaimed mr. trumbull, preferring for once that he should be considered ignorant in the past. “but there is a second will—there is a further document. we have not yet heard the final wishes of the deceased.” mary garth was feeling that what they had yet to hear were not the final wishes. the second will revoked everything except the legacies to the low persons before mentioned (some alterations in these being the occasion of the codicil), and the bequest of all the land lying in lowick parish with
might be a very good pretence for it, since it would look like the executing a law and the doing of justice. a fourth proposes the prohibiting of many things under severe penalties, especially such as were against the interest of the people, and then the dispensing with these prohibitions, upon great compositions, to those who might find their advantage in breaking them. this would serve two ends, both of them acceptable to many; for as those whose avarice led them to transgress would be severely fined, so the selling licences dear would look as if a prince were tender of his people, and would not easily, or at low rates, dispense with anything that might be against the public good. another proposes that the judges must be made sure, that they may declare always in favour of the
hold over the adventure for the following day, and i returned to the welcome and the caresses of little weena. but next morning i perceived clearly enough that my curiosity regarding the palace of green porcelain was a piece of self-deception, to enable me to shirk, by another day, an experience i dreaded. i resolved i would make the descent without further waste of time, and started out in the early morning towards a well near the ruins of granite and aluminium. “little weena ran with me. she danced beside me to the well, but when she saw me lean over the mouth and look downward, she seemed strangely disconcerted. ‘good-bye, little weena,’ i said, kissing her; and then putting her down, i began to feel over the parapet for the climbing hooks. rather hastily, i may as well confess, for i
long!” laughed the stranger, with a solemnly derisive sort of laugh. “look ye; when captain ahab is all right, then this left arm of mine will be all right; not before.” “what do you know about him?” “what did they _tell_ you about him? say that!” “they didn’t tell much of anything about him; only i’ve heard that he’s a good whale-hunter, and a good captain to his crew.” “that’s true, that’s true—yes, both true enough. but you must jump when he gives an order. step and growl; growl and go—that’s the word with captain ahab. but nothing about that thing that happened to him off cape horn, long ago, when he lay like dead for three days and nights; nothing about that deadly skrimmage with the spaniard afore the altar in santa?—heard nothing about that, eh? nothing about the silver calabash
if you had listened to the voice of conscience and heeded the stings of remorse before you had urged your diabolical vengeance to this extremity, frankenstein would yet have lived.” “and do you dream?” said the dæmon. “do you think that i was then dead to agony and remorse? he,” he continued, pointing to the corpse, “he suffered not in the consummation of the deed. oh! not the ten-thousandth portion of the anguish that was mine during the lingering detail of its execution. a frightful selfishness hurried me on, while my heart was poisoned with remorse. think you that the groans of clerval were music to my ears? my heart was fashioned to be susceptible of love and sympathy, and when wrenched by misery to vice and hatred, it did not endure the violence of the change without torture such
simply because i had a notion it somehow would be of help to that kurtz whom at the time i did not see—you understand. he was just a word for me. i did not see the man in the name any more than you do. do you see him? do you see the story? do you see anything? it seems to me i am trying to tell you a dream—making a vain attempt, because no relation of a dream can convey the dream-sensation, that commingling of absurdity, surprise, and bewilderment in a tremor of struggling revolt, that notion of being captured by the incredible which is of the very essence of dreams....” he was silent for a while. “... no, it is impossible; it is impossible to convey the life-sensation of any given epoch of one’s existence—that which makes its truth, its meaning—its subtle and penetrating essence. it is
had been surrounded in the miserable little shop and the miserable little noisy evening school, with that miserable old bundle of incompetence always to be dragged and shouldered. i reflected that even in those untoward times there must have been latent in biddy what was now developing, for, in my first uneasiness and discontent i had turned to her for help, as a matter of course. biddy sat quietly sewing, shedding no more tears, and while i looked at her and thought about it all, it occurred to me that perhaps i had not been sufficiently grateful to biddy. i might have been too reserved, and should have patronised her more (though i did not use that precise word in my meditations) with my confidence. “yes, biddy,” i observed, when i had done turning it over, “you were my first teacher,
have filled you with terror, day-dreams and sleeping dreams whose mere memory might stain your cheek with shame—” “stop!” faltered dorian gray, “stop! you bewilder me. i don’t know what to say. there is some answer to you, but i cannot find it. don’t speak. let me think. or, rather, let me try not to think.” for nearly ten minutes he stood there, motionless, with parted lips and eyes strangely bright. he was dimly conscious that entirely fresh influences were at work within him. yet they seemed to him to have come really from himself. the few words that basil’s friend had said to him—words spoken by chance, no doubt, and with wilful paradox in them—had touched some secret chord that had never been touched before, but that he felt was now vibrating and throbbing to curious pulses. music had
it is true, for greater treasures than a little food or rest: i required kindness and sympathy; but i did not believe myself utterly unworthy of it. “the winter advanced, and an entire revolution of the seasons had taken place since i awoke into life. my attention at this time was solely directed towards my plan of introducing myself into the cottage of my protectors. i revolved many projects, but that on which i finally fixed was to enter the dwelling when the blind old man should be alone. i had sagacity enough to discover that the unnatural hideousness of my person was the chief object of horror with those who had formerly beheld me. my voice, although harsh, had nothing terrible in it; i thought, therefore, that if in the absence of his children i could gain the good will and media
for a few minutes he was silent, till, shaking off his embarrassment, he turned to her again, and said in the gentlest of accents: “you, who so well know my feeling towards mr. darcy, will readily comprehend how sincerely i must rejoice that he is wise enough to assume even the _appearance_ of what is right. his pride, in that direction, may be of service, if not to himself, to many others, for it must only deter him from such foul misconduct as i have suffered by. i only fear that the sort of cautiousness to which you, i imagine, have been alluding, is merely adopted on his visits to his aunt, of whose good opinion and judgement he stands much in awe. his fear of her has always operated, i know, when they were together; and a good deal is to be imputed to his wish of forwarding the
for me,\ returned affectionately. you're a dear, good, wise, quiet, blessed girl; but you have your prepossessions. so i come round to john jarndyce. i tell you, my good esther, when he and i were on those terms which he found so convenient, we were not on natural terms. are division and animosity your natural terms, richard? no, i don't say that. i mean that all this business puts us on unnatural terms, with which natural relations are incompatible. see another reason for urging it on! i may find out when it's over that i have been mistaken in john jarndyce. my head may be clearer when i am free of it, and i may then agree with what you say to-day. very well. then i shall acknowledge it and make him reparation. everything postponed to that imaginary time! everything held in
seek danger. i feel that i know what ought to be done, and as my presence is necessary for the accomplishment of my plans, i will take especial care to preserve my life. i am now going to undertake an office fitted for me. i cannot intrigue, or work a tortuous path through the labyrinth of men's vices and passions; but i can bring patience, and sympathy, and such aid as art affords, to the bed of disease; i can raise from earth the miserable orphan, and awaken to new hopes the shut heart of the mourner. i can enchain the plague in limits, and set a term to the misery it would occasion; courage, forbearance, and watchfulness, are the forces i bring towards this great work.  o, i shall be something now! from my birth i have aspired like the eagle --but, unlike the eagle, my wings have fail
lay coming in, not sober, though not to say very drunk--he could understand what was said to him. he sat down on the bench and did not speak. there was only one stranger in the bar and a man i knew asleep on a bench and our two boys. “have you seen dmitri?” said i. “no, i haven’t,” said he. “and you’ve not been here either?” “not since the day before yesterday,” said he. “and where did you sleep last night?” “in peski, with the kolomensky men.” “and where did you get those ear-rings?” i asked. “i found them in the street,” and the way he said it was a bit queer; he did not look at me. “did you hear what happened that very evening, at that very hour, on that same staircase?” said i. “no,” said he, “i had not heard,” and all the while he was listening, his eyes were staring out of his head
in the chains and fetters of one slave than all their ornaments amounted to, their plumes fell, and they were ashamed of all that glory for which they had formed valued themselves, and accordingly laid it aside—a resolution that they immediately took when, on their engaging in some free discourse with the utopians, they discovered their sense of such things and their other customs. the utopians wonder how any man should be so much taken with the glaring doubtful lustre of a jewel or a stone, that can look up to a star or to the sun himself; or how any should value himself because his cloth is made of a finer thread; for, how fine soever that thread may be, it was once no better than the fleece of a sheep, and that sheep, was a sheep still, for all its wearing it. they wonder much to hear
on me’—that is unpardonable. willoughby, where was your heart when you wrote those words? oh, barbarously insolent!—elinor, can he be justified?” “no, marianne, in no possible way.” “and yet this woman—who knows what her art may have been?—how long it may have been premeditated, and how deeply contrived by her!—who is she?—who can she be?—whom did i ever hear him talk of as young and attractive among his female acquaintance?—oh! no one, no one—he talked to me only of myself.” another pause ensued; marianne was greatly agitated, and it ended thus. “elinor, i must go home. i must go and comfort mama. can not we be gone to-morrow?” “to-morrow, marianne!” “yes, why should i stay here? i came only for willoughby’s sake—and now who cares for me? who regards me?” “it would be impossible to
one having been married and left a widow; and the other having a husband not so kind to her as he should be. but among all my relations or acquaintances i could not yet pitch upon one to whom i durst commit the gross of my stock, that i might go away to the brazils, and leave things safe behind me; and this greatly perplexed me. i had once a mind to have gone to the brazils and have settled myself there, for i was, as it were, naturalised to the place; but i had some little scruple in my mind about religion, which insensibly drew me back. however, it was not religion that kept me from going there for the present; and as i had made no scruple of being openly of the religion of the country all the while i was among them, so neither did i yet; only that, now and then, having of
but there was no peculiar disgrace in this; for it was very much the case with the chief of their visitors, who almost all laboured under one or other of these disqualifications for being agreeable—want of sense, either natural or improved—want of elegance—want of spirits—or want of temper. when the ladies withdrew to the drawing-room after dinner, this poverty was particularly evident, for the gentlemen _had_ supplied the discourse with some variety—the variety of politics, inclosing land, and breaking horses—but then it was all over; and one subject only engaged the ladies till coffee came in, which was the comparative heights of harry dashwood, and lady middleton’s second son william, who were nearly of the same age. had both the children been there, the affair might have been deter
resolutions, “i never professed to be anything but worldly; and, what’s more, i don’t see anybody else who is not worldly. i suppose you don’t conduct business on what you call unworldly principles. the only difference i see is that one worldliness is a little bit honester than another.” “this kind of discussion is unfruitful, vincy,” said mr. bulstrode, who, finishing his sandwich, had thrown himself back in his chair, and shaded his eyes as if weary. “you had some more particular business.” “yes, yes. the long and short of it is, somebody has told old featherstone, giving you as the authority, that fred has been borrowing or trying to borrow money on the prospect of his land. of course you never said any such nonsense. but the old fellow will insist on it that fred should bring him a
as if she had been made afresh out of new elements, and must perforce be permitted to live her own life, and be a law unto herself without her eccentricities being reckoned to her for a crime. there goes a woman, resumed roger chillingworth, after a pause, who, be her demerits what they may, hath none of that mystery of hidden sinfulness which you deem so grievous to be borne. is hester prynne the less miserable, think you, for that scarlet letter on her breast? i do verily believe it, answered the clergyman. nevertheless, i cannot answer for her. there was a look of pain in her face which i would gladly have been spared the sight of. but still, methinks, it must needs be better for the sufferer to be free to show his pain, as this poor woman hester is, than to cover it up in his
he often sent the servant to the lion d’or to buy him a bottle, which was put down to his son’s account, and to perfume his handkerchiefs he used up his daughter-in-law’s whole supply of eau-de-cologne. the latter did not at all dislike his company. he had knocked about the world, he talked about berlin, vienna, and strasbourg, of his soldier times, of the mistresses he had had, the grand luncheons of which he had partaken; then he was amiable, and sometimes even, either on the stairs, or in the garden, would seize hold of her waist, crying, “charles, look out for yourself.” then madame bovary, senior, became alarmed for her son’s happiness, and fearing that her husband might in the long-run have an immoral influence upon the ideas of the young woman, took care to hurry their
our friendship towards him, bartle. but...you must be careful what you say to him, you know. i'm afraid you have too little fellow-feeling in what you consider his weakness about hetty.” “trust to me, sir--trust to me. i know what you mean. i've been a fool myself in my time, but that's between you and me. i shan't thrust myself on him only keep my eye on him, and see that he gets some good food, and put in a word here and there.” “then,” said mr. irwine, reassured a little as to bartle's discretion, “i think you'll be doing a good deed; and it will be well for you to let adam's mother and brother know that you're going.” “yes, sir, yes,” said bartle, rising, and taking off his spectacles, “i'll do that, i'll do that; though the mother's a whimpering thing--i don't like to come within
hat is rather singular.” “miss eliza bennet,” said miss bingley, “despises cards. she is a great reader, and has no pleasure in anything else.” “i deserve neither such praise nor such censure,” cried elizabeth; “i am _not_ a great reader, and i have pleasure in many things.” “in nursing your sister i am sure you have pleasure,” said bingley; “and i hope it will soon be increased by seeing her quite well.” elizabeth thanked him from her heart, and then walked towards a table where a few books were lying. he immediately offered to fetch her others; all that his library afforded. “and i wish my collection were larger for your benefit and my own credit; but i am an idle fellow, and though i have not many, i have more than i ever looked into.” elizabeth assured him that she could suit herself
and, rushing upon the plank, he crossed it, and fell unconscious on the deck, just as the “carnatic” was moving off. several sailors, who were evidently accustomed to this sort of scene, carried the poor frenchman down into the second cabin, and passepartout did not wake until they were one hundred and fifty miles away from china. thus he found himself the next morning on the deck of the “carnatic,” and eagerly inhaling the exhilarating sea-breeze. the pure air sobered him. he began to collect his sense, which he found a difficult task; but at last he recalled the events of the evening before, fix’s revelation, and the opium-house. “it is evident,” said he to himself, “that i have been abominably drunk! what will mr. fogg say? at least i have not missed the steamer, which is the most
that i minded what mrs. cadwallader said. i should only mind if there were a law obliging me to take any piece of blood and beauty that she or anybody else recommended.” “but you know, dodo, if you ever did marry, it would be all the better to have blood and beauty,” said celia, reflecting that mr. casaubon had not been richly endowed with those gifts, and that it would be well to caution dorothea in time. “don’t be anxious, kitty; i have quite other thoughts about my life. i shall never marry again,” said dorothea, touching her sister’s chin, and looking at her with indulgent affection. celia was nursing her baby, and dorothea had come to say good-night to her. “really—quite?” said celia. “not anybody at all—if he were very wonderful indeed?” dorothea shook her head slowly. “not anybody
lives.” “yet she is always busy,” said charles. “ah! always busy at what? reading novels, bad books, works against religion, and in which they mock at priests in speeches taken from voltaire. but all that leads you far astray, my poor child. anyone who has no religion always ends by turning out badly.” so it was decided to stop emma reading novels. the enterprise did not seem easy. the good lady undertook it. she was, when she passed through rouen, to go herself to the lending-library and represent that emma had discontinued her subscription. would they not have a right to apply to the police if the librarian persisted all the same in his poisonous trade? the farewells of mother and daughter-in-law were cold. during the three weeks that they had been together they had not exchanged
you think theft ought not to be punished by death: would you give way to it? or do you propose any other punishment that will be more useful to the public? for, since death does not restrain theft, if men thought their lives would be safe, what fear or force could restrain ill men? on the contrary, they would look on the mitigation of the punishment as an invitation to commit more crimes.’ i answered, ‘it seems to me a very unjust thing to take away a man’s life for a little money, for nothing in the world can be of equal value with a man’s life: and if it be said, “that it is not for the money that one suffers, but for his breaking the law,” i must say, extreme justice is an extreme injury: for we ought not to approve of those terrible laws that make the smallest offences capital, nor
your way, dodo.” something certainly gave celia unusual courage; and she was not sparing the sister of whom she was occasionally in awe. who can tell what just criticisms murr the cat may be passing on us beings of wider speculation? “it is very painful,” said dorothea, feeling scourged. “i can have no more to do with the cottages. i must be uncivil to him. i must tell him i will have nothing to do with them. it is very painful.” her eyes filled again with tears. “wait a little. think about it. you know he is going away for a day or two to see his sister. there will be nobody besides lovegood.” celia could not help relenting. “poor dodo,” she went on, in an amiable staccato. “it is very hard: it is your favorite _fad_ to draw plans.” “_fad_ to draw plans! do you think i only care about
was left of the artistic spirit, and no more. even that would fade in the end into a contented inactivity. we are kept keen on the grindstone of pain and necessity, and it seemed to me that here was that hateful grindstone broken at last! “as i stood there in the gathering dark i thought that in this simple explanation i had mastered the problem of the world—mastered the whole secret of these delicious people. possibly the checks they had devised for the increase of population had succeeded too well, and their numbers had rather diminished than kept stationary. that would account for the abandoned ruins. very simple was my explanation, and plausible enough—as most wrong theories are! vii. a sudden shock “as i stood there musing over this too perfect triumph of man, the full moon, yellow
know where she is, and it is adviseable he should not, till my uncle hath secured her.----no time therefore is to be lost; and i need only inform you, that she is now with lady bellaston, whom i have seen, and who hath, i find, a design of concealing her from her family. you know, madam, she is a strange woman; but nothing could misbecome me more than to presume to give any hint to one of your great understanding and great knowledge of the world, besides barely informing you of the matter of fact. “i hope, madam, the care which i have shewn on this occasion for the good of my family will recommend me again to the favour of a lady who hath always exerted so much zeal for the honour and true interest of us all; and that it may be a means of restoring me to your friendship, which hath made
that think we're so all-fired successful, aren't getting much out of it? you look as if you expected me to report you as seditious! you know what my own life's been.” “i know, old man.” “i ought to have been a fiddler, and i'm a pedler of tar-roofing! and zilla--oh, i don't want to squeal, but you know as well as i do about how inspiring a wife she is.... typical instance last evening: we went to the movies. there was a big crowd waiting in the lobby, us at the tail-end. she began to push right through it with her sir, how dare you? manner--honestly, sometimes when i look at her and see how she's always so made up and stinking of perfume and looking for trouble and kind of always yelping, i tell yuh i m a lady, damn yuh!'--why, i want to kill her! well, she keeps elbowing through the
son in that country who had never heard of it. to account in some measure for this to the reader, i think proper to inform him, that there was no one in the kingdom less interested in opposing that doctrine concerning the meaning of the word charity, which hath been seen in the preceding chapter, than our good man. indeed, he was equally intitled to this virtue in either sense; for as no man was ever more sensible of the wants, or more ready to relieve the distresses of others, so none could be more tender of their characters, or slower to believe anything to their disadvantage. scandal, therefore, never found any access to his table; for as it hath been long since observed that you may know a man by his companions, so i will venture to say, that, by attending to the conversation at a
marfa petrovna was awfully weak on the side of flattery, and if i had only cared to, i might have had all her property settled on me during her lifetime. (i am drinking an awful lot of wine now and talking too much.) i hope you won’t be angry if i mention now that i was beginning to produce the same effect on avdotya romanovna. but i was stupid and impatient and spoiled it all. avdotya romanovna had several times--and one time in particular--been greatly displeased by the expression of my eyes, would you believe it? there was sometimes a light in them which frightened her and grew stronger and stronger and more unguarded till it was hateful to her. no need to go into detail, but we parted. there i acted stupidly again. i fell to jeering in the coarsest way at all such propaganda and
even faintly true. moreover he told it to me at a time of confusion, when i had reached the point of believing everything and nothing about him. so i take advantage of this short halt, while gatsby, so to speak, caught his breath, to clear this set of misconceptions away. it was a halt, too, in my association with his affairs. for several weeks i didn’t see him or hear his voice on the phone—mostly i was in new york, trotting around with jordan and trying to ingratiate myself with her senile aunt—but finally i went over to his house one sunday afternoon. i hadn’t been there two minutes when somebody brought tom buchanan in for a drink. i was startled, naturally, but the really surprising thing was that it hadn’t happened before. they were a party of three on horseback—tom and a man
no property, and not well-born. those who had not seen anything of dorothea usually observed that she could not have been “a nice woman,” else she would not have married either the one or the other. certainly those determining acts of her life were not ideally beautiful. they were the mixed result of young and noble impulse struggling amidst the conditions of an imperfect social state, in which great feelings will often take the aspect of error, and great faith the aspect of illusion. for there is no creature whose inward being is so strong that it is not greatly determined by what lies outside it. a new theresa will hardly have the opportunity of reforming a conventual life, any more than a new antigone will spend her heroic piety in daring all for the sake of a brother’s burial: the
left; and he had not yet found a job—not even a day’s work at anything, not a chance to carry a satchel. once again, as when he had come out of the hospital, he was bound hand and foot, and facing the grisly phantom of starvation. raw, naked terror possessed him, a maddening passion that would never leave him, and that wore him down more quickly than the actual want of food. he was going to die of hunger! the fiend reached out its scaly arms for him—it touched him, its breath came into his face; and he would cry out for the awfulness of it, he would wake up in the night, shuddering, and bathed in perspiration, and start up and flee. he would walk, begging for work, until he was exhausted; he could not remain still—he would wander on, gaunt and haggard, gazing about him with restless
scheme too wild, if it promised life to them. o! ye heart-strings of mine, could ye be torn asunder, and my soul not spend itself in tears of blood for sorrow! idris, after the first shock, regained a portion of fortitude. she studiously shut out all prospect of the future, and cradled her heart in present blessings. she never for a moment lost sight of her children. but while they in health sported about her, she could cherish contentment and hope. a strange and wild restlessness came over me--the more intolerable, because i was forced to conceal it. my fears for adrian were ceaseless; august had come; and the symptoms of plague encreased rapidly in london. it was deserted by all who possessed the power of removing; and he, the brother of my soul, was exposed to the perils from which
hall never forget: “the ancient teachers of this science,” said he, “promised impossibilities and performed nothing. the modern masters promise very little; they know that metals cannot be transmuted and that the elixir of life is a chimera but these philosophers, whose hands seem only made to dabble in dirt, and their eyes to pore over the microscope or crucible, have indeed performed miracles. they penetrate into the recesses of nature and show how she works in her hiding-places. they ascend into the heavens; they have discovered how the blood circulates, and the nature of the air we breathe. they have acquired new and almost unlimited powers; they can command the thunders of heaven, mimic the earthquake, and even mock the invisible world with its own shadows.” such were the professor’s
in spite of that he made polite and hospitable inquiries of vassenka about his shooting, his gun, and his boots, and agreed to go shooting next day. happily for levin, the old princess cut short his agonies by getting up herself and advising kitty to go to bed. but even at this point levin could not escape another agony. as he said good-night to his hostess, vassenka would again have kissed her hand, but kitty, reddening, drew back her hand and said with a naïve bluntness, for which the old princess scolded her afterwards: “we don’t like that fashion.” in levin’s eyes she was to blame for having allowed such relations to arise, and still more to blame for showing so awkwardly that she did not like them. “why, how can one want to go to bed!” said stepan arkadyevitch, who, after drinking
of the eye of business being distrustful; quite the contrary. in attending to your interests, i wish to have all possible checks upon me; it is right that i should have them; i court inquiry. but your interests demand that i should be cool and methodical, mr. carstone; and i cannot be otherwise--no, sir, not even to please you.\. vholes, after glancing at the official cat who is patiently watching a mouse's hole, fixes his charmed gaze again on his young client and proceeds in his buttoned-up, half-audible voice as if there were an unclean spirit in him that will neither come out nor speak out, what are you to do, sir, you inquire, during the vacation. i should hope you gentlemen of the army may find many means of amusing yourselves if you give your minds to it. if you had asked me
stepping hastily forward. “no, ma’am, for my mistress.” but marianne, not convinced, took it instantly up. “it is indeed for mrs. jennings; how provoking!” “you are expecting a letter, then?” said elinor, unable to be longer silent. “yes, a little—not much.” after a short pause. “you have no confidence in me, marianne.” “nay, elinor, this reproach from _you_—you who have confidence in no one!” “me!” returned elinor in some confusion; “indeed, marianne, i have nothing to tell.” “nor i,” answered marianne with energy, “our situations then are alike. we have neither of us any thing to tell; you, because you do not communicate, and i, because i conceal nothing.” elinor, distressed by this charge of reserve in herself, which she was not at liberty to do away, knew not how, under such
at her. “here you expect an explanation from me, sonia; you are sitting and waiting for it, i see that. but what can i tell you? you won’t understand and will only suffer misery... on my account! well, you are crying and embracing me again. why do you do it? because i couldn’t bear my burden and have come to throw it on another: you suffer too, and i shall feel better! and can you love such a mean wretch?” “but aren’t you suffering, too?” cried sonia. again a wave of the same feeling surged into his heart, and again for an instant softened it. “sonia, i have a bad heart, take note of that. it may explain a great deal. i have come because i am bad. there are men who wouldn’t have come. but i am a coward and... a mean wretch. but... never mind! that’s not the point. i must speak now, but
who had given conferences on the history of the waldenses. to reconstruct a past world, doubtless with a view to the highest purposes of truth—what a work to be in any way present at, to assist in, though only as a lamp-holder! this elevating thought lifted her above her annoyance at being twitted with her ignorance of political economy, that never-explained science which was thrust as an extinguisher over all her lights. “but you are fond of riding, miss brooke,” sir james presently took an opportunity of saying. “i should have thought you would enter a little into the pleasures of hunting. i wish you would let me send over a chestnut horse for you to try. it has been trained for a lady. i saw you on saturday cantering over the hill on a nag not worthy of you. my groom shall bring
moor with me, and have drowned the boy, but there was no venturing to trust him. when he was gone, i turned to the boy, whom they called xury, and said to him, “xury, if you will be faithful to me, i’ll make you a great man; but if you will not stroke your face to be true to me”—that is, swear by mahomet and his father’s beard—“i must throw you into the sea too.” the boy smiled in my face, and spoke so innocently that i could not distrust him, and swore to be faithful to me, and go all over the world with me. while i was in view of the moor that was swimming, i stood out directly to sea with the boat, rather stretching to windward, that they might think me gone towards the straits’ mouth (as indeed any one that had been in their wits must have been supposed to do): for who would have
félicité had made a sign to her husband. pierre, surrounded by everybody and anxiously questioned about his pallor, could only escape for a minute. he was just able to whisper in his wife’s ear that he had found pascal and that macquart would leave that night. then lowering his voice still more he told her of his mother’s insanity, and placed his finger on his lips, as if to say: “not a word; that would spoil the whole evening.” félicité bit her lips. they exchanged a look in which they read their common thoughts: so now the old woman would not trouble them any more: the poacher’s hovel would be razed to the ground, as the walls of the fouques’ enclosure had been demolished; and they would for ever enjoy the respect and esteem of plassans. but the guests were looking at the table.
and, from her manners and intelligence, would be thought an european. her name was aouda. left an orphan, she was married against her will to the old rajah of bundelcund; and, knowing the fate that awaited her, she escaped, was retaken, and devoted by the rajah’s relatives, who had an interest in her death, to the sacrifice from which it seemed she could not escape. the parsee’s narrative only confirmed mr. fogg and his companions in their generous design. it was decided that the guide should direct the elephant towards the pagoda of pillaji, which he accordingly approached as quickly as possible. they halted, half an hour afterwards, in a copse, some five hundred feet from the pagoda, where they were well concealed; but they could hear the groans and cries of the fakirs distinctly.
and vigorous constitution of body, when life and active spirits seem to actuate every part. this lively health, when entirely free from all mixture of pain, of itself gives an inward pleasure, independent of all external objects of delight; and though this pleasure does not so powerfully affect us, nor act so strongly on the senses as some of the others, yet it may be esteemed as the greatest of all pleasures; and almost all the utopians reckon it the foundation and basis of all the other joys of life, since this alone makes the state of life easy and desirable, and when this is wanting, a man is really capable of no other pleasure. they look upon freedom from pain, if it does not rise from perfect health, to be a state of stupidity rather than of pleasure. this subject has been
the ‘henrietta’!” “yes; at least the upper part of her. the coal has given out.” “burn my vessel!” cried captain speedy, who could scarcely pronounce the words. “a vessel worth fifty thousand dollars!” “here are sixty thousand,” replied phileas fogg, handing the captain a roll of bank-bills. this had a prodigious effect on andrew speedy. an american can scarcely remain unmoved at the sight of sixty thousand dollars. the captain forgot in an instant his anger, his imprisonment, and all his grudges against his passenger. the “henrietta” was twenty years old; it was a great bargain. the bomb would not go off after all. mr. fogg had taken away the match. “and i shall still have the iron hull,” said the captain in a softer tone. “the iron hull and the engine. is it agreed?” “agreed.” and
command or reproach; but my life hangs on your departure and speedy return. farewell!\s voice had recovered its bland tone, but a dark cloud still hung on his features. i would have delayed; i wished to recommend watchfulness to perdita, but his presence restrained me. i had no pretence for my hesitation; and on his repeating his farewell, i clasped his outstretched hand; it was cold and clammy. take care of yourself, my dear lord, i said. nay, said perdita, that task shall be mine. return speedily, lionel. with an air of absence he was playing with her auburn locks, while she leaned on him; twice i turned back, only to look again on this matchless pair. at last, with slow and heavy steps, i had paced out of the hall, and sprung upon my horse. at that moment clara flew towards
to be the chief-mate. “well, then, my bouton-de-rose-bud, have you seen the white whale?” “_what_ whale?” “the _white_ whale—a sperm whale—moby dick, have ye seen him? “never heard of such a whale. cachalot blanche! white whale—no.” “very good, then; good bye now, and i’ll call again in a minute.” then rapidly pulling back towards the pequod, and seeing ahab leaning over the quarter-deck rail awaiting his report, he moulded his two hands into a trumpet and shouted—“no, sir! no!” upon which ahab retired, and stubb returned to the frenchman. he now perceived that the guernsey-man, who had just got into the chains, and was using a cutting-spade, had slung his nose in a sort of bag. “what’s the matter with your nose, there?” said stubb. “broke it?” “i wish it was broken, or that i didn’t
the vagabonds, because it was his own observation. “i do not know whether it be worth while to tell what followed, for it was very ridiculous; but i shall venture at it, for as it is not foreign to this matter, so some good use may be made of it. there was a jester standing by, that counterfeited the fool so naturally that he seemed to be really one; the jests which he offered were so cold and dull that we laughed more at him than at them, yet sometimes he said, as it were by chance, things that were not unpleasant, so as to justify the old proverb, ‘that he who throws the dice often, will sometimes have a lucky hit.’ when one of the company had said that i had taken care of the thieves, and the cardinal had taken care of the vagabonds, so that there remained nothing but that some public
and for those who are taken with fixed and incurable diseases, they use all possible ways to cherish them and to make their lives as comfortable as possible. they visit them often and take great pains to make their time pass off easily; but when any is taken with a torturing and lingering pain, so that there is no hope either of recovery or ease, the priests and magistrates come and exhort them, that, since they are now unable to go on with the business of life, are become a burden to themselves and to all about them, and they have really out-lived themselves, they should no longer nourish such a rooted distemper, but choose rather to die since they cannot live but in much misery; being assured that if they thus deliver themselves from torture, or are willing that others should do it,
the prison-door, we shall not take upon us to determine. finding it so directly on the threshold of our narrative, which is now about to issue from that inauspicious portal, we could hardly do otherwise than pluck one of its flowers, and present it to the reader. it may serve, let us hope, to symbolise some sweet moral blossom that may be found along the track, or relieve the darkening close of a tale of human frailty and sorrow. ii. the market-place the grass-plot before the jail, in prison lane, on a certain summer morning, not less than two centuries ago, was occupied by a pretty large number of the inhabitants of boston, all with their eyes intently fastened on the iron-clamped oaken door. amongst any other population, or at a later period in the history of new england, the grim
believe you will be cunning enough to find him to-morrow at the alehouse.” and now, having dismissed the sagacious partridge, mr jones sat himself down to write, in which employment we shall leave him for a time. and here we put an end to the fifteenth book. book xvi. containing the space of five days. . of prologues. i have heard of a dramatic writer who used to say, he would rather write a play than a prologue; in like manner, i think, i can with less pains write one of the books of this history than the prefatory each of them. to say the truth, i believe many a hearty curse hath been devoted on the head of that author who first instituted the method of prefixing to his play that portion of matter which is called the prologue; and which at first was part of the piece itself, but of lat
and “dream castles” and “love’s delights.” whatever else they were called, they were sure to be called “union headquarters,” and to hold out a welcome to workingmen; and there was always a warm stove, and a chair near it, and some friends to laugh and talk with. there was only one condition attached,—you must drink. if you went in not intending to drink, you would be put out in no time, and if you were slow about going, like as not you would get your head split open with a beer bottle in the bargain. but all of the men understood the convention and drank; they believed that by it they were getting something for nothing—for they did not need to take more than one drink, and upon the strength of it they might fill themselves up with a good hot dinner. this did not always work out
and lydia, their characters suffered no revolution from the marriage of her sisters. he bore with philosophy the conviction that elizabeth must now become acquainted with whatever of his ingratitude and falsehood had before been unknown to her; and in spite of every thing, was not wholly without hope that darcy might yet be prevailed on to make his fortune. the congratulatory letter which elizabeth received from lydia on her marriage, explained to her that, by his wife at least, if not by himself, such a hope was cherished. the letter was to this effect: “my dear lizzy, “i wish you joy. if you love mr. darcy half as well as i do my dear wickham, you must be very happy. it is a great comfort to have you so rich, and when you have nothing else to do, i hope you will think of us. i am
specially interposed to prevent the water from drowning her prostrate husband; and although she was secretly blaming her husband for having fallen into such drear despair, and denying that he had any excuse for his last rash act, she was inveterate in her abuse of all who could by any possibility be supposed to have driven him to such desperation. the masters--mr. thornton in particular, whose mill had been attacked by boucher, and who, after the warrant had been issued for his apprehension on the charge of rioting, had caused it to be withdrawn,--the union, of which higgins was a representative to the poor woman,--the children so numerous, so hungry, and so noisy--all made up one great army of personal enemies, whose fault it was that she was now a helpless widow. margaret heard enough
very much mistaken if they imagined that he would put himself forward as a needy adventurer trying to win the favor of a rich woman. until now will had never fully seen the chasm between himself and dorothea—until now that he was come to the brink of it, and saw her on the other side. he began, not without some inward rage, to think of going away from the neighborhood: it would be impossible for him to show any further interest in dorothea without subjecting himself to disagreeable imputations—perhaps even in her mind, which others might try to poison. “we are forever divided,” said will. “i might as well be at rome; she would be no farther from me.” but what we call our despair is often only the painful eagerness of unfed hope. there were plenty of reasons why he should not go—public rea
is acknowledged by you, dear lady, and your cousin.” thus the poor sufferer tried to comfort others and herself. she indeed gained the resignation she desired. but i, the true murderer, felt the never-dying worm alive in my bosom, which allowed of no hope or consolation. elizabeth also wept and was unhappy, but hers also was the misery of innocence, which, like a cloud that passes over the fair moon, for a while hides but cannot tarnish its brightness. anguish and despair had penetrated into the core of my heart; i bore a hell within me which nothing could extinguish. we stayed several hours with justine, and it was with great difficulty that elizabeth could tear herself away. “i wish,” cried she, “that i were to die with you; i cannot live in this world of misery.” justine assumed an
hare should be devoured by strong, fierce, and cruel dogs. therefore all this business of hunting is, among the utopians, turned over to their butchers, and those, as has been already said, are all slaves, and they look on hunting as one of the basest parts of a butcher’s work, for they account it both more profitable and more decent to kill those beasts that are more necessary and useful to mankind, whereas the killing and tearing of so small and miserable an animal can only attract the huntsman with a false show of pleasure, from which he can reap but small advantage. they look on the desire of the bloodshed, even of beasts, as a mark of a mind that is already corrupted with cruelty, or that at least, by too frequent returns of so brutal a pleasure, must degenerate into it. “thus
but going up and down at the bottom of the sea, where one is almost certain to meet sharks, is quite another thing! i know well that in certain countries, particularly in the andaman islands, the negroes never hesitate to attack them with a dagger in one hand and a running noose in the other; but i also know that few who affront those creatures ever return alive. however, i am not a negro, and if i were i think a little hesitation in this case would not be ill-timed.\ this moment conseil and the canadian entered, quite composed, and even joyous. they knew not what awaited them. faith, sir, said ned land, your captain nemo--the devil take him!--has just made us a very pleasant offer. ah! said i, you know? if agreeable to you, sir, interrupted conseil, the commander of the
poignant that i asked myself if it would not be better to go to the captain's room, see him face to face, and brave him with look and gesture. it was the inspiration of a madman; fortunately i resisted the desire, and stretched myself on my bed to quiet my bodily agitation. my nerves were somewhat calmer, but in my excited brain i saw over again all my existence on board the nautilus; every incident, either happy or unfortunate, which had happened since my disappearance from the abraham lincoln--the submarine hunt, the torres straits, the savages of papua, the running ashore, the coral cemetery, the passage of suez, the island of santorin, the cretan diver, vigo bay, atlantis, the iceberg, the south pole, the imprisonment in the ice, the fight among the poulps, the storm in the gulf
would not join the dance. would not, could not, would not, could not, would not join the dance. would not, could not, would not, could not, could not join the dance. “what matters it how far we go?” his scaly friend replied. “there is another shore, you know, upon the other side. the further off from england the nearer is to france— then turn not pale, beloved snail, but come and join the dance. will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, will you join the dance? will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, won’t you join the dance?” “thank you, it’s a very interesting dance to watch,” said alice, feeling very glad that it was over at last: “and i do so like that curious song about the whiting!” “oh, as to the whiting,” said the mock turtle, “they—you’ve seen them, of course?” “yes,” said
she run away because we are come? i see her instrument is open.” “she is walking, i believe.” they were now joined by mrs. jennings, who had not patience enough to wait till the door was opened before she told _her_ story. she came hallooing to the window, “how do you do, my dear? how does mrs. dashwood do? and where are your sisters? what! all alone! you will be glad of a little company to sit with you. i have brought my other son and daughter to see you. only think of their coming so suddenly! i thought i heard a carriage last night, while we were drinking our tea, but it never entered my head that it could be them. i thought of nothing but whether it might not be colonel brandon come back again; so i said to sir john, i do think i hear a carriage; perhaps it is colonel brandon come bac
that you should have used such very strong expressions in speaking of wickham to mr. darcy, for now they _do_ appear wholly undeserved.” “certainly. but the misfortune of speaking with bitterness is a most natural consequence of the prejudices i had been encouraging. there is one point on which i want your advice. i want to be told whether i ought, or ought not, to make our acquaintances in general understand wickham’s character.” miss bennet paused a little, and then replied, “surely there can be no occasion for exposing him so dreadfully. what is your opinion?” “that it ought not to be attempted. mr. darcy has not authorised me to make his communication public. on the contrary, every particular relative to his sister was meant to be kept as much as possible to myself; and if i
station with all its consequences. they listened eagerly to his story, and, when he thought he had finished and satisfied his listeners, he found that they considered he had hardly begun. “tell me, tell me! what do you think...? excuse me, i still don’t know your name!” pulcheria alexandrovna put in hastily. “dmitri prokofitch.” “i should like very, very much to know, dmitri prokofitch... how he looks... on things in general now, that is, how can i explain, what are his likes and dislikes? is he always so irritable? tell me, if you can, what are his hopes and, so to say, his dreams? under what influences is he now? in a word, i should like...” “ah, mother, how can he answer all that at once?” observed dounia. “good heavens, i had not expected to find him in the least like this, dmitri
for the fan and the pair of white kid gloves, and she very good-naturedly began hunting about for them, but they were nowhere to be seen—everything seemed to have changed since her swim in the pool, and the great hall, with the glass table and the little door, had vanished completely. very soon the rabbit noticed alice, as she went hunting about, and called out to her in an angry tone, “why, mary ann, what _are_ you doing out here? run home this moment, and fetch me a pair of gloves and a fan! quick, now!” and alice was so much frightened that she ran off at once in the direction it pointed to, without trying to explain the mistake it had made. “he took me for his housemaid,” she said to herself as she ran. “how surprised he’ll be when he finds out who i am! but i’d better take him his
than the clerk. but after all, my dear, it was but seeking for a new service. she had seen you and ada a little while before, and it was natural that you should come into her head. she merely proposed herself for your maid, you know. she did nothing more.\r manner was strange, said i. yes, and her manner was strange when she took her shoes off and showed that cool relish for a walk that might have ended in her death-bed, said my guardian. it would be useless self-distress and torment to reckon up such chances and possibilities. there are very few harmless circumstances that would not seem full of perilous meaning, so considered. be hopeful, little woman. you can be nothing better than yourself; be that, through this knowledge, as you were before you had it. it is the best you can
the magistrate smiled without trying to hide it. “it’s true, your honor!” cried jurgis, passionately. “you had been drinking as well as begging last night, had you not?” inquired the magistrate. “no, your honor—” protested jurgis. “i—” “you had not had anything to drink?” “why, yes, your honor, i had—” “what did you have?” “i had a bottle of something—i don’t know what it was—something that burned—” there was again a laugh round the courtroom, stopping suddenly as the magistrate looked up and frowned. “have you ever been arrested before?” he asked abruptly. the question took jurgis aback. “i—i—” he stammered. “tell me the truth, now!” commanded the other, sternly. “yes, your honor,” said jurgis. “how often?” “only once, your honor.” “what for?” “for knocking down my boss, your honor. i was
me.” “you listen to grandfather!” said verona. “yes, listen to your grandfather!” said mrs. babbitt. “ted, you listen to mr. thompson!” said howard littlefield. “oh, for the love o' mike, i am listening!” ted shouted. “but you look here, all of you! i'm getting sick and tired of being the corpse in this post mortem! if you want to kill somebody, go kill the preacher that married us! why, he stung me five dollars, and all the money i had in the world was six dollars and two bits. i'm getting just about enough of being hollered at!” a new voice, booming, authoritative, dominated the room. it was babbitt. “yuh, there's too darn many putting in their oar! rone, you dry up. howard and i are still pretty strong, and able to do our own cussing. ted, come into the dining-room and we'll talk this
earth--even that village of rural england, where happy infancy and stainless maidenhood seemed yet to be in her mother's keeping, like garments put off long ago--were foreign to her, in comparison. the chain that bound her here was of iron links, and galling to her inmost soul, but could never be broken. it might be, too--doubtless it was so, although she hid the secret from herself, and grew pale whenever it struggled out of her heart, like a serpent from its hole--it might be that another feeling kept her within the scene and pathway that had been so fatal. there dwelt, there trode, the feet of one with whom she deemed herself connected in a union that, unrecognised on earth, would bring them together before the bar of final judgment, and make that their marriage-altar, for a joint fut
tells us to set that wrong right must be obeyed.” “what, my love, is the bearing of your remark?” “that you have been too liberal in arrangements for me—i mean, with regard to property; and that makes me unhappy.” “how so? i have none but comparatively distant connections.” “i have been led to think about your aunt julia, and how she was left in poverty only because she married a poor man, an act which was not disgraceful, since he was not unworthy. it was on that ground, i know, that you educated mr. ladislaw and provided for his mother.” dorothea waited a few moments for some answer that would help her onward. none came, and her next words seemed the more forcible to her, falling clear upon the dark silence. “but surely we should regard his claim as a much greater one, even to the
ing out drummle were to bring him out still more, it perfectly succeeded. in a sulky triumph, drummle showed his morose depreciation of the rest of us, in a more and more offensive degree, until he became downright intolerable. through all his stages, mr. jaggers followed him with the same strange interest. he actually seemed to serve as a zest to mr. jaggers’s wine. in our boyish want of discretion i dare say we took too much to drink, and i know we talked too much. we became particularly hot upon some boorish sneer of drummle’s, to the effect that we were too free with our money. it led to my remarking, with more zeal than discretion, that it came with a bad grace from him, to whom startop had lent money in my presence but a week or so before. “well,” retorted drummle; “he’ll be paid.”
hat nothing can be good enough for her. however, i don’t think her hardly at all handsomer than you, i assure you; for i think you both excessively pretty, and so does mr. palmer too i am sure, though we could not get him to own it last night.” mrs. palmer’s information respecting willoughby was not very material; but any testimony in his favour, however small, was pleasing to her. “i am so glad we are got acquainted at last,” continued charlotte.—“and now i hope we shall always be great friends. you can’t think how much i longed to see you! it is so delightful that you should live at the cottage! nothing can be like it, to be sure! and i am so glad your sister is going to be well married! i hope you will be a great deal at combe magna. it is a sweet place, by all accounts.” “you have been
of this speech convinced my father that my ideas were deranged, and he instantly changed the subject of our conversation and endeavoured to alter the course of my thoughts. he wished as much as possible to obliterate the memory of the scenes that had taken place in ireland and never alluded to them or suffered me to speak of my misfortunes. as time passed away i became more calm; misery had her dwelling in my heart, but i no longer talked in the same incoherent manner of my own crimes; sufficient for me was the consciousness of them. by the utmost self-violence i curbed the imperious voice of wretchedness, which sometimes desired to declare itself to the whole world, and my manners were calmer and more composed than they had ever been since my journey to the sea of ice. a few days
tresses about the temples, and the exquisite face, with red, half-opened mouth, the strange, fixed expression, piteous on the lips and awful in the still open eyes, that seemed to utter that fearful phrase—that he would be sorry for it—that she had said when they were quarreling. and he tried to think of her as she was when he met her the first time, at a railway station too, mysterious, exquisite, loving, seeking and giving happiness, and not cruelly revengeful as he remembered her on that last moment. he tried to recall his best moments with her, but those moments were poisoned forever. he could only think of her as triumphant, successful in her menace of a wholly useless remorse never to be effaced. he lost all consciousness of toothache, and his face worked with sobs. passing twice
and he went off at the front door.” “he’s at the nearest vaults, i’ll be bound,” said the first speaker. “your money would have gone there too, if you’d been such a fool as to lend it.” “catch me! i knew better what his london meant. why, he has never paid me off that five shillings”--and so they went on. and now all margaret’s anxiety was for the train to come. she hid herself once more in the ladies’ waiting-room, and fancied every noise was leonards’ step--every loud and boisterous voice was his. but no one came near her until the train drew up; when she was civilly helped into a carriage by a porter, into whose face she durst not look till they were in motion, and then she saw that it was not leonards’. . peace. “sleep on, my love, in thy cold bed, never to be disquieted! my last good
away this tangle of whirling, mad ideas. “no, i don’t know; it’s not right,” was all she said, with an expression of disgust on her face. “yes, but you mustn’t forget that you and i.... and besides that,” added anna, in spite of the wealth of her arguments and the poverty of dolly’s objections, seeming still to admit that it was not right, “don’t forget the chief point, that i am not now in the same position as you. for you the question is: do you desire not to have any more children; while for me it is: do i desire to have them? and that’s a great difference. you must see that i can’t desire it in my position.” darya alexandrovna made no reply. she suddenly felt that she had got far away from anna; that there lay between them a barrier of questions on which they could never agree, and
v though it was paul who had seemed overwrought, babbitt who had been the protecting big brother, paul became clear-eyed and merry, while babbitt sank into irritability. he uncovered layer on layer of hidden weariness. at first he had played nimble jester to paul and for him sought amusements; by the end of the week paul was nurse, and babbitt accepted favors with the condescension one always shows a patient nurse. the day before their families arrived, the women guests at the hotel bubbled, “oh, isn't it nice! you must be so excited;” and the proprieties compelled babbitt and paul to look excited. but they went to bed early and grumpy. when myra appeared she said at once, “now, we want you boys to go on playing around just as if we weren't here.” the first evening, he stayed out for
the street. he knew, he knew perfectly well that at that moment they were at the flat, that they were greatly astonished at finding it unlocked, as the door had just been fastened, that by now they were looking at the bodies, that before another minute had passed they would guess and completely realise that the murderer had just been there, and had succeeded in hiding somewhere, slipping by them and escaping. they would guess most likely that he had been in the empty flat, while they were going upstairs. and meanwhile he dared not quicken his pace much, though the next turning was still nearly a hundred yards away. “should he slip through some gateway and wait somewhere in an unknown street? no, hopeless! should he fling away the axe? should he take a cab? hopeless, hopeless!” at last
general be allowed: my chief apprehension is, as many true and just sentiments often came from the mouths of these persons, lest the whole should be taken together, and i should be conceived to ridicule all alike. now the reader will be pleased to consider, that, as neither of these men were fools, they could not be supposed to have holden none but wrong principles, and to have uttered nothing but absurdities; what injustice, therefore, must i have done to their characters, had i selected only what was bad! and how horribly wretched and maimed must their arguments have appeared! upon the whole, it is not religion or virtue, but the want of them, which is here exposed. had not thwackum too much neglected virtue, and square, religion, in the composition of their several systems, and had not
and i am sure i should not have the smallest fear of trusting _you;_ indeed, i should be very glad of your advice how to manage in such an uncomfortable situation as i am; but, however, there is no occasion to trouble _you_. i am sorry you do not happen to know mrs. ferrars.” “i am sorry i do _not_,” said elinor, in great astonishment, “if it could be of any use to you to know my opinion of her. but really i never understood that you were at all connected with that family, and therefore i am a little surprised, i confess, at so serious an inquiry into her character.” “i dare say you are, and i am sure i do not at all wonder at it. but if i dared tell you all, you would not be so much surprised. mrs. ferrars is certainly nothing to me at present—but the time _may_ come—how soon it will
thing they feared, was, that from being already so nigh to his mark, he would be enabled to dart his iron before they could completely overtake and pass him. as for derick, he seemed quite confident that this would be the case, and occasionally with a deriding gesture shook his lamp-feeder at the other boats. “the ungracious and ungrateful dog!” cried starbuck; “he mocks and dares me with the very poor-box i filled for him not five minutes ago!”—then in his old intense whisper—“give way, greyhounds! dog to it!” “i tell ye what it is, men”—cried stubb to his crew—“it’s against my religion to get mad; but i’d like to eat that villainous yarman—pull—won’t ye? are ye going to let that rascal beat ye? do ye love brandy? a hogshead of brandy, then, to the best man. come, why don’t some of ye
what you say, that you would not have acted of your own accord and without authority in this matter.----mr blifil then likewise sent you to examine the two fellows at aldersgate?”--“he did, sir.” “well, and what instructions did he then give you? recollect as well as you can, and tell me, as near as possible, the very words he used.”--“why, sir, mr blifil sent me to find out the persons who were eye-witnesses of this fight. he said, he feared they might be tampered with by mr jones, or some of his friends. he said, blood required blood; and that not only all who concealed a murderer, but those who omitted anything in their power to bring him to justice, were sharers in his guilt. he said, he found you was very desirous of having the villain brought to justice, though it was not proper
department of the investigation of criminal causes and sent his name in to porfiry petrovitch, he was surprised at being kept waiting so long: it was at least ten minutes before he was summoned. he had expected that they would pounce upon him. but he stood in the waiting-room, and people, who apparently had nothing to do with him, were continually passing to and fro before him. in the next room which looked like an office, several clerks were sitting writing and obviously they had no notion who or what raskolnikov might be. he looked uneasily and suspiciously about him to see whether there was not some guard, some mysterious watch being kept on him to prevent his escape. but there was nothing of the sort: he saw only the faces of clerks absorbed in petty details, then other people, no one
exclaimed he, “how glad i am to see you! how fortunate that you should be here at the very moment of my alighting!” nothing could equal my delight on seeing clerval; his presence brought back to my thoughts my father, elizabeth, and all those scenes of home so dear to my recollection. i grasped his hand, and in a moment forgot my horror and misfortune; i felt suddenly, and for the first time during many months, calm and serene joy. i welcomed my friend, therefore, in the most cordial manner, and we walked towards my college. clerval continued talking for some time about our mutual friends and his own good fortune in being permitted to come to ingolstadt. “you may easily believe,” said he, “how great was the difficulty to persuade my father that all necessary knowledge was not
the attachment between them led to the ill-fated marriage, of which i was the offspring. notwithstanding the tenderness and sweetness of my mother, her husband still deplored his degraded state. unaccustomed to industry, he knew not in what way to contribute to the support of his increasing family. sometimes he thought of applying to the king; pride and shame for a while withheld him; and, before his necessities became so imperious as to compel him to some kind of exertion, he died. for one brief interval before this catastrophe, he looked forward to the future, and contemplated with anguish the desolate situation in which his wife and children would be left. his last effort was a letter to the king, full of touching eloquence, and of occasional flashes of that brilliant spirit
the charm by a lively scotch air; and soon afterwards mr. darcy, drawing near elizabeth, said to her— “do not you feel a great inclination, miss bennet, to seize such an opportunity of dancing a reel?” she smiled, but made no answer. he repeated the question, with some surprise at her silence. “oh!” said she, “i heard you before; but i could not immediately determine what to say in reply. you wanted me, i know, to say ‘yes,’ that you might have the pleasure of despising my taste; but i always delight in overthrowing those kind of schemes, and cheating a person of their premeditated contempt. i have, therefore, made up my mind to tell you, that i do not want to dance a reel at all—and now despise me if you dare.” “indeed i do not dare.” elizabeth, having rather expected to affront him,
end the wedding at adam's earnest request, under protest against marriage in general and the marriage of a sensible man in particular. nevertheless, mr. poyser had a joke against him after the wedding dinner, to the effect that in the vestry he had given the bride one more kiss than was necessary. behind this last couple came mr. irwine, glad at heart over this good morning's work of joining adam and dinah. for he had seen adam in the worst moments of his sorrow; and what better harvest from that painful seed-time could there be than this? the love that had brought hope and comfort in the hour of despair, the love that had found its way to the dark prison cell and to poor hetty's darker soul--this strong gentle love was to be adam's companion and helper till death. there was much shaking
eye would have fixed on him at once as the village blacksmith, after seeing the humble deference with which the big saucy fellow took off his hat and stroked his hair to the farmers; for chad was accustomed to say that a working-man must hold a candle to a personage understood to be as black as he was himself on weekdays; by which evil-sounding rule of conduct he meant what was, after all, rather virtuous than otherwise, namely, that men who had horses to be shod must be treated with respect. chad and the rougher sort of workmen kept aloof from the grave under the white thorn, where the burial was going forward; but sandy jim, and several of the farm-labourers, made a group round it, and stood with their hats off, as fellow-mourners with the mother and sons. others held a midway
thought it must be a walrus or hippopotamus, but then she remembered how small she was now, and she soon made out that it was only a mouse that had slipped in like herself. “would it be of any use, now,” thought alice, “to speak to this mouse? everything is so out-of-the-way down here, that i should think very likely it can talk: at any rate, there’s no harm in trying.” so she began: “o mouse, do you know the way out of this pool? i am very tired of swimming about here, o mouse!” (alice thought this must be the right way of speaking to a mouse: she had never done such a thing before, but she remembered having seen in her brother’s latin grammar, “a mouse—of a mouse—to a mouse—a mouse—o mouse!”) the mouse looked at her rather inquisitively, and seemed to her to wink with one of its little
during the last two or three days, though still very unequal, were greatly improved—he grew more and more partial to the house and environs—never spoke of going away without a sigh—declared his time to be wholly disengaged—even doubted to what place he should go when he left them—but still, go he must. never had any week passed so quickly—he could hardly believe it to be gone. he said so repeatedly; other things he said too, which marked the turn of his feelings and gave the lie to his actions. he had no pleasure at norland; he detested being in town; but either to norland or london, he must go. he valued their kindness beyond any thing, and his greatest happiness was in being with them. yet, he must leave them at the end of a week, in spite of their wishes and his own, and
necessity that always impelled this child to alloy whatever comfort she might chance to give with a throb of anguish--pearl put up her mouth and kissed the scarlet letter, too. that was not kind! said hester. when thou hast shown me a little love, thou mockest me! why doth the minister sit yonder? asked pearl. he waits to welcome thee, replied her mother. come thou, and entreat his blessing! he loves thee, my little pearl, and loves thy mother, too. wilt thou not love him? come he longs to greet thee! doth he love us? said pearl, looking up with acute intelligence into her mother's face. will he go back with us, hand in hand, we three together, into the town? not now, my child, answered hester. but in days to come he will walk hand in hand with us. we will have a home
“who is she?” “her name is sibyl vane.” “never heard of her.” “no one has. people will some day, however. she is a genius.” “my dear boy, no woman is a genius. women are a decorative sex. they never have anything to say, but they say it charmingly. women represent the triumph of matter over mind, just as men represent the triumph of mind over morals.” “harry, how can you?” “my dear dorian, it is quite true. i am analysing women at present, so i ought to know. the subject is not so abstruse as i thought it was. i find that, ultimately, there are only two kinds of women, the plain and the coloured. the plain women are very useful. if you want to gain a reputation for respectability, you have merely to take them down to supper. the other women are very charming. they commit one mistake,
all the luxurious follies of the period. the ten years which she spent there were filled by a great passion, a public intrigue with a man whose desertion nearly killed her. this time the husband had not been able to keep his ignorance, and after some abominable scenes he resigned himself, disarmed by the quiet unconsciousness of this woman who took her happiness where she found it. it was after the rupture, and when he saw that she was ill with grief, that he had accepted the management of the montsou mines, still hoping also that she would reform down there in that desolate black country. the hennebeaus, since they had lived at montsou, returned to the irritated boredom of their early married days. at first she seemed consoled by the great quiet, soothed by the flat monotony of the
so she tried another question. “what sort of people live about here?” “in _that_ direction,” the cat said, waving its right paw round, “lives a hatter: and in _that_ direction,” waving the other paw, “lives a march hare. visit either you like: they’re both mad.” “but i don’t want to go among mad people,” alice remarked. “oh, you can’t help that,” said the cat: “we’re all mad here. i’m mad. you’re mad.” “how do you know i’m mad?” said alice. “you must be,” said the cat, “or you wouldn’t have come here.” alice didn’t think that proved it at all; however, she went on “and how do you know that you’re mad?” “to begin with,” said the cat, “a dog’s not mad. you grant that?” “i suppose so,” said alice. “well, then,” the cat went on, “you see, a dog growls when it’s angry, and wags its tail
was dozing off, and had just begun to dream that she was walking hand in hand with dinah, and saying to her very earnestly, “now, dinah, tell me the truth: did you ever eat a bat?” when suddenly, thump! thump! down she came upon a heap of sticks and dry leaves, and the fall was over. alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up on to her feet in a moment: she looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her was another long passage, and the white rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down it. there was not a moment to be lost: away went alice like the wind, and was just in time to hear it say, as it turned a corner, “oh my ears and whiskers, how late it’s getting!” she was close behind it when she turned the corner, but the rabbit was no longer to be seen: she found herself in a long,
his daily course of life, even his conversation. she allowed herself one luxury, she saw the newspapers every day, and feasted on the praise and actions of the protector. not that this indulgence was devoid of accompanying grief. perdita's name was for ever joined with his; their conjugal felicity was celebrated even by the authentic testimony of facts. they were continually together, nor could the unfortunate evadne read the monosyllable that designated his name, without, at the same time, being presented with the image of her who was the faithful companion of all his labours and pleasures. they, their excellencies, met her eyes in each line, mingling an evil potion that poisoned her very blood. it was in the newspaper that she saw the advertisement for the design for a national
of their government, utopus having understood that before his coming among them the old inhabitants had been engaged in great quarrels concerning religion, by which they were so divided among themselves, that he found it an easy thing to conquer them, since, instead of uniting their forces against him, every different party in religion fought by themselves. after he had subdued them he made a law that every man might be of what religion he pleased, and might endeavour to draw others to it by the force of argument and by amicable and modest ways, but without bitterness against those of other opinions; but that he ought to use no other force but that of persuasion, and was neither to mix with it reproaches nor violence; and such as did otherwise were to be condemned to banishment
time, this scarcely mattered: i was, so to speak, attenuated—was slipping like a vapour through the interstices of intervening substances! but to come to a stop involved the jamming of myself, molecule by molecule, into whatever lay in my way; meant bringing my atoms into such intimate contact with those of the obstacle that a profound chemical reaction—possibly a far-reaching explosion—would result, and blow myself and my apparatus out of all possible dimensions—into the unknown. this possibility had occurred to me again and again while i was making the machine; but then i had cheerfully accepted it as an unavoidable risk—one of the risks a man has got to take! now the risk was inevitable, i no longer saw it in the same cheerful light. the fact is that, insensibly, the absolute strange
good deal in daniel's english history of france; a great deal in plutarch's lives, the atalantis, pope's homer, dryden's plays, chillingworth, the countess d'aulnois, and locke's human understanding. “during this interval i wrote three very supplicating, and, i thought, moving letters to my aunt; but, as i received no answer to any of them, my disdain would not suffer me to continue my application.” here she stopt, and, looking earnestly at sophia, said, “methinks, my dear, i read something in your eyes which reproaches me of a neglect in another place, where i should have met with a kinder return.” “indeed, dear harriet,” answered sophia, “your story is an apology for any neglect; but, indeed, i feel that i have been guilty of a remissness, without so good an excuse.--yet pray proceed;
seen him. dorian heard him first stopping on the pavement and then hurrying after him. in a few moments, his hand was on his arm. “dorian! what an extraordinary piece of luck! i have been waiting for you in your library ever since nine o’clock. finally i took pity on your tired servant and told him to go to bed, as he let me out. i am off to paris by the midnight train, and i particularly wanted to see you before i left. i thought it was you, or rather your fur coat, as you passed me. but i wasn’t quite sure. didn’t you recognize me?” “in this fog, my dear basil? why, i can’t even recognize grosvenor square. i believe my house is somewhere about here, but i don’t feel at all certain about it. i am sorry you are going away, as i have not seen you for ages. but i suppose you will be back
done is to make another packet like the real one so that if he should ask to see the real one while it's in my possession, you can show him the dummy.\d suppose he detects the dummy as soon as he sees it, which with his biting screw of an eye is about five hundred times more likely than not, suggests tony. then we'll face it out. they don't belong to him, and they never did. you found that, and you placed them in my hands--a legal friend of yours--for security. if he forces us to it, they'll be producible, won't they? ye-es, is mr. weevle's reluctant admission. why, tony, remonstrates his friend, how you look! you don't doubt william guppy? you don't suspect any harm? i don't suspect anything more than i know, william, returns the other gravely. and what do you know? 
all the laws that they can invent have not the power either to obtain or preserve it, or even to enable men certainly to distinguish what is their own from what is another’s, of which the many lawsuits that every day break out, and are eternally depending, give too plain a demonstration—when, i say, i balance all these things in my thoughts, i grow more favourable to plato, and do not wonder that he resolved not to make any laws for such as would not submit to a community of all things; for so wise a man could not but foresee that the setting all upon a level was the only way to make a nation happy; which cannot be obtained so long as there is property, for when every man draws to himself all that he can compass, by one title or another, it must needs follow that, how plentiful soever a
her i'm gone on business as nobody is to know anything about. i'll go and wash myself now.” adam moved towards the door of the workshop, but after a step or two he turned round, and, meeting seth's eyes with a calm sad glance, he said, “i must take all the money out o' the tin box, lad; but if anything happens to me, all the rest ll be thine, to take care o mother with.” seth was pale and trembling: he felt there was some terrible secret under all this. “brother,” he said, faintly--he never called adam “brother” except in solemn moments--“i don't believe you'll do anything as you can't ask god's blessing on.” “nay, lad,” said adam, “don't be afraid. i'm for doing nought but what's a man's duty.” the thought that if he betrayed his trouble to his mother, she would only distress him by
